1009242610##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Charade | Season 1 Episode 7 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/03/11 Season 1 PG L, S, V It’s the 25th wedding anniversary of the Hamptons’ most perfect couple. That’s the topic of a high profile newspaper story being written about Conrad and Victoria Grayson. There will be an intimate anniversary dinner with some family and friends—not that Victoria is in all that much of a mood to celebrate.Daniel respects Emily’s wishes to keep her name out of his interview with the reporter. Too bad troublemaker Tyler doesn’t do the same. Soon the reporter is knocking at Emily’s front door. The finished article mentions the fairy tale love story unfolding between Emily and Daniel. This doesn’t make for the most enjoyable reading material for Jack.Frank shows up at Emily’s place. He promises he’s going to uncover her story. After Frank leaves, Emily places a call to Warden Sharon Stiles (guest star CCH Pounder). These two have a friendly relationship. Frank asks the warden some questions, but gets no answers. So he breaks into her office to take a picture of Emily’s mug shot. Frank also pays a visit to Victoria. He says he’s going to redeem himself with her or he’s going to die trying.Emily gives Jack the gift of an old mariner’s compass as a thank you for fixing her porch swing. They agree to be friends. However, Jack is no longer interested in hanging around Nolan, who recently got himself a bodyguard. Nolan is tasked by Emily with finding a way to discredit Tyler with the Graysons.Nolan realizes that Tyler is a gay hustler. Well, he’s not really gay. Let’s just say Tyler has an ambiguous sexual identity. He reveals that his family went from the penthouse to the streets awhile back. Now he’s looking to make a deal with Nolan so that he won’t dish on his past. That’s why he stands up Ashley at the Grayson anniversary dinner to make moves on Nolan, who records their entire unexpected liaison.Charlotte invites Declan to the anniversary dinner as her plus one. He’s very outspoken about how Emily hurt his brother after he revealed his true feelings at the 4th of July party. The conversation goes downhill from there. Soon the only two people left at the table are the unhappy anniversary couple. That doesn’t last long once Victoria kicks Conrad out of the house.Daniel is upset because he thinks she may have feelings for Jack. She assures him that’s not the case. In fact, she tells Daniel she’s falling in love with him. The feeling is mutual. Charlotte tells Declan that she’s also really attracted to him. In other relationship news, Tyler apologizes to Ashley and reveals his plans to make himself invaluable to Conrad Grayson, who is right by Lydia’s bedside when she awakens from her coma.Frank visits a strip club where he pays for some time with one special dancer who catches his eye. She goes by the name Amanda Clarke. Frank knows she’s actually Emily Thorne—the real Emily Thorne. Amanda and Emily were cellmates who switched identities. Frank brings the Amanda (aka the real Emily) up to speed on where her alter ego now lives. The two of them agree to meet in the parking lot after her shift.Frank calls Victoria to tell her that Emily Thorne is not who she claims to be. The conversation ends abruptly when Amanda whacks Frank in the head with a tire iron. She hangs up his phone. When Frank starts to move around on the ground, Amanda takes aim once again. WHACK! It’s highly doubtful Frank will be getting up after this hit.Amanda makes her way to find Emily, who is shocked to see her. Victoria Grayson keeps calling Frank’s phone. She leaves a voicemail message asking what he meant when he said Emily Thorne is not who she says she is. Frank won’t be able to answer that one now, as his lifeless body lies by the side of the highway.continue reading
1009242611##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Intrigue | Season 1 Episode 6 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/27/11 Season 1 PG L, S, V Lydia Davis is clinging to life in a coma. Rapid falls from five-story buildings tend to have that effect on people. Nolan shows Emily video footage from the night Lydia went over the balcony. The plan is to place all blame on Frank the security guy. A short time later, Nolan sends an encrypted email to Conrad. The video link inside is titled “The Truth About Lydia.” Click!After Conrad views the video, he gives Frank his walking papers along with a sizeable severance check. He tells Victoria that there’s always a chance that their former security man may do to them what he did to Lydia. That’s why he has a gun handy. Frank pays Victoria a late night visit. He says that whatever he did, he did it for her. This security man is not about to go away quietly, especially after he learns Nolan was in Emily’s building the night she took a nosedive.Jack pops by to fix Emily’s porch swing. He was one of the first people to ever use it, as he used to know the family that lived there. The trip down memory lane is interrupted by Daniel, who will be starting work at the Stowaway. That means he won’t be in attendance at his family’s big 4th of July party. Right now, he must try to cool Tyler down after his girlfriend embarrasses him during a double date conversation. It’s obvious Emily doesn’t like her boyfriend’s best friend at all.Declan takes to the high seas to haul in some lobsters. He’s trying to put together enough cash to take Charlotte out on a real date. Too bad he was poaching them from traps set by some local fishermen. Dec’s about to get pulverized until Daniel offers to make good on all the money the fisherman lost. Declan only did what he did in an attempt to win over a girl who is way out of his league. Jack can relate. That’s why he and his brother are crashing the Grayson’s 4th of July party.At the big Independence Day bash, Declan informs Charlotte that he can’t possibly compete with her lavish lifestyle. Much to Dec’s delight, he’s informed that he doesn’t have to, which is why they later share a kiss by the water. The kid moves fast.Tyler pops by the Stowaway to con Daniel into doing a shot with him. He asks for the good stuff from the top shelf only so he can slip something in his best bud’s glass. It doesn’t take long before Daniel starts feeling woozy from the drug. Tyler drags him into a back room where he tries to get him to lay down in bed with him. When Daniel pushes him away, a frustrated Tyler steps outside to bash his head against a post. He tells Victoria that her son is the one who hurt him.Much like his brother, Jack makes his move, too. He drags Emily outside where opens up about his feelings for her as fireworks fill the sky. It’s a genuine, heartfelt speech. But Emily can’t reciprocate even though we get the sense that she desperately wants to. As for Jack, he returns to the Stowaway to find Daniel passed out in the back room.Emily doesn’t believe Tyler’s story about Daniel hurting him. When she confronts him about it, she finds Nolan on the floor of the boathouse. He had just been attacked by Frank, who later catches him talking to Emily. Nolan is scared. He tells Emily she’s on her own. That’s a frightening thought. As she sits on the bench that Jack repaired, Emily has no idea Frank is watching her from behind. Yes, Emily better watch her back.continue reading
1009242613##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Guilt | Season 1 Episode 5 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/20/11 Season 1 PG L, S, V CRASH! The body of Lydia Davis crushes the roof a cab after falling from the sky above. To find out what led up to this shocking event, we need to jump back two days earlier.To give Daniel some structure after he fell off the wagon, Conrad orders his son to come work for him. Tyler’s joining the Grayson Global team, too. In other news, security man Frank informs Victoria that her hubby transferred $10 million to ex-friend Lydia’s account in the Caymans. This leads to a heated chat between husband and wife, which Tyler just happens to overhear. He promptly lets Daniel know about his father’s not-so-secret affair.Victoria wants Charlotte to join her at an upcoming luncheon. That’s not gonna happen. Instead, Charlotte swipes the new car Conrad had delivered for Victoria to go see Declan. As for the luncheon, Emily is there to discuss the upcoming Open Arms charity gala. She convinced Ashley to have the organizers pay tribute to a charity that was created for the families of the victims who died in the plane crash linked to her dad. They’ll be honoring one of the pioneers of the effort: Victoria Grayson.This news is a bit of shock to the queen, as is the return of her old friend Lydia Davis, who informs Emily that she’s contesting the sale of her home. She’s also there to dig up dirt on the woman who helped turn her life upside down. But Emily’s the one who excels at digging up dirt. She informs Victoria that while Lydia was a patient of Dr. Banks, she wasn’t exposed on the DVD.Emily ships some things over to Lydia’s home including an item that contains a hidden camera. Nolan can see everything that’s happening as Conrad Grayson pays her an angry visit. Lydia threatens to expose the Grayson family’s involvement in the framing of David Clarke. After Conrad leaves, Lydia catches sight of Emily in disguise as a waitress in an old society function photo. Looks like she found her dirt.Nolan informs Emily that Lydia is on to her. She wants Nolan to hack into the system of the catering company she worked for to delete her name, which was still Amanda Clarke back then. At the gala, Victoria is seated next to a woman who lost her family in the plane crash. The guilt she feels for all that she’s done is evident on her face. The hits just keep on coming when Victoria learns Lydia will be introducing her at the event.Daniel makes separate apologizes to both Jack and Emily for his behavior the other night. Both forgive him. Daniel, however, isn’t so forgiving to Tyler when he learns his buddy tried to sabotage his relationship. When Daniel shows up at the gala, Emily must send Nolan to retrieve an incriminating fax from Lydia’s place where Frank the security guy is already there snooping around. He informs Victoria that Lydia is behind everything and she’s going to expose the Graysons during her speech.Victoria has a little chat with Lydia just before her intro. Whatever she said worked, as Lydia’s speech is an innocuous one. A short time later, Victoria makes it clear just how much she hates her ex-friend. When Lydia arrives home, Frank is waiting for her. The two of them get into a physical fight that ends with Lydia falling off the rooftop. Later, inside Lydia’s place, Nolan switches the faxes, swipes the old photo and snags the hidden camera. When he hears sirens outside, he looks over the balcony to see Lydia’s lifeless body below.Charlotte gets pulled over by the police while joyriding with Declan. Daniel and Emily head down to the police station to pick up Charlotte while Jack is there to claim Declan. Daniel asks Jack for a bartending job at the Stowaway. Later, Daniel and Emily spend the night together. That’s why she doesn’t get Nolan’s message that he thinks Frank killed Lydia.continue reading Daniel & Emily Have Sex
1009242612##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Treachery | Season 1 Episode 8 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/17/11 Season 1 PG L,V For the sake of clarity, we’ll refer to the real Emily Thorne as Amanda Clarke since that’s the identity she assumed so that Emily of The Hamptons could roll out her calculated campaign of revenge. The fact that Amanda killed Frank has thrown a little curveball into all plans, so Emily drops her unexpected visitor at Nolan’s place while she does damage control.Lydia has awakened from her coma, but chunks of her memories are missing. She doesn’t even remember how she got hurt. Victoria figures the best way to keep tabs on her old friend is to have her recovery take place at Grayson Manor. Emily just happens to be there when they arrive, but Lydia has no idea who she is.Victoria shows Lydia a copy of the scathing speech she intended to make the night she fell over her balcony. She has no recollection of it. In other news, Lydia’s memory lapse allows Emily time to have Nolan photoshop her out of that old party photo. When Lydia sees the photo, she’s confused. She was so sure Emily was in it. There’s just something so wicked about messing with an amnesiac’s head, isn’t there?Nolan notices blood on Amanda’s jacket. He puts two and two together once news of Frank’s death becomes public. Victoria is also stunned to learn that Frank is dead. The bright side to this turn of events, which Conrad points out to his wife, is that all of the guy’s secrets died with him. But Victoria still wants to know what Frank learned about Emily Thorne.Charlotte sneaks home after having spent the night with Declan. They slept together in the most literal sense. But Declan hopes things will get more intimate if he can take Charlotte out on the boat. To do that, he needs his brother to make nice with Nolan, as he’s the one who actually owns the thing. So Jack stops by Nolan’s place where he meets his beautiful temporary houseguest.No names are exchanged, but Amanda obviously likes what she sees as she pours Jack a drink called a Black Dahlia. Emily is caught off guard when she catches the two of them together, but Jack bolts before any real damage is done. As for Amanda, she’s pleased to have finally met the man Emily talked about often while they were locked up.Emily provides Amanda with a passport under the name Kara Wilkens. It was her mother’s name. Amanda isn’t thrilled about the name change. She likes having a connection to Emily. Flashbacks show us just how that connection got its start. The warden at the detention center convinced our Emily to earn this troubled girl’s trust so that she can ultimately make it work for her. That’s exactly what happened.Emily has Nolan disable the GPS on Frank’s cell phone so she can delete the pictures on it without having it tracked. Amanda will be out of the picture once she boards a midnight flight to Paris. She wants Emily to go with her. Obviously, that’s not going to happen.Daniel realizes that his job at the Stowaway hasn’t exactly worked out for anyone. Jack agrees. So Daniel takes the position his dad offered him awhile back in the family company. Needless to say, Tyler isn’t thrilled about the return of the prodigal son as he continues his efforts to make himself invaluable to Conrad.Speaking of Conrad, he finally breaks the news to his daughter that he’s moving out of the house. Thankfully, a distraught Charlotte has Declan to comfort her. And Jack can be comforted by the fact that he has the pink slip back on his boat after he and Nolan declare themselves chums again.Nolan drops the phone and Frank’s wallet at Emily’s place. She can’t retrieve it right away because the police are there asking questions about the murder. She reveals that she spent time in lock up after she took action against an abusive foster father. A declaration from Daniel and a time-stamped receipt from an early morning fish market run provide Emily with the alibi she needs regarding Frank’s murder.Victoria and Conrad get into a heated discussion about the investigation involving Frank. She suspects her hubby may have had something to do with the death. This has Conrad bringing up the fact that Frank tried to kill Lydia for her. Victoria suspects that Lydia may have heard them. She swipes her cell phone and shreds that defamatory speech, but Tyler fishes the paper out of the trash and pieces the speech back together.After Daniel learns his mom was having Emily investigated, he packs a bag to move in with the woman he loves. Amanda spies on them through the window. Later, Emily boots up Frank’s cell phone and stashes it in an outdoor location. She later slips back into bed with Daniel, who realizes Emily wasn’t there the whole time. As for Amanda, she stops by the Stowaway long after last call. That doesn’t stop Jack from mixing up a couple of Black Dahlias for them. It doesn’t look like this lady is going anywhere anytime soon.continue reading
1009242614##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Loyalty | Season 1 Episode 10 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 12/08/11 Season 1 PG L,S During a martial arts training session, Emily tells Satoshi Takeda there are two obstacles impeding her goal. Tyler is the lesser threat, but Amanda is a ticking time bomb. Satoshi suggests she steer clear of the blast by using Victoria to do her dirty work. Speaking of the queen, she just received divorce papers from Conrad. Needless to say, she’s not in the best of moods these days, as Daniel still shows no signs of moving back home.Tyler is popping pills left and right. He’s taking an antipsychotic drug called clozapine. Ty is also reveling in the fact that Nolan’s $20 million investment in Grayson Global is moving forward. He suggests that Ashley get over the fact that she caught him in a lip-lock with Nolan so that she can come along for the ride. Ash eventually does just that.Nolan lets Emily know that Tyler has been doing Google searches on David Clarke. He started this research project after finding Lydia’s incriminating speech about the Graysons. Emily wants a reluctant Nolan to pull back his investment. This will hopefully push Tyler into blackmailing Conrad, using the speech details as leverage.We can see the wheels turning in Emily’s head when she sees the video of Nolan and Tyler together. She suggests to Daniel that the only reason his college roomie closed his recent big money deal is because he was blackmailing Nolan.Amanda may have Jack believing she’s the girl from his youth, but she can’t fool Sammy. We flashback to the day Emily (or young Amanda) handed Sammy over to Jack before she was taken away. She promised to come back for him. Or should we say them? In the present, Jack is very happy Amanda is back in his life. Though he’s obviously curious as to why Sammy is so fond of Emily.Emily gives Amanda a notebook she claims was a diary from when she was in foster care. But the notebook looks brand new. Guess that’s why Emily crumbles it a bit to give it more of an aged look. She tells Amanda that she should read it thoroughly so that she can keep up with all of Jack’s memories as well as learn the truth about the Graysons.Daniel wants Tyler out of Grayson Manor. That’s not going to happen. Victoria likes having someone around, especially since Charlotte has decided to move in with her dad. That’s because Declan put the kibosh on their plans to get a place together. He wants to make himself into the kind of man that Charlotte deserves. That’s why Dec asks his girlfriend to return that $20,000 check to Victoria. Taking payoffs isn’t his style.Daniel asks Emily to serve as his translator during a dinner with Satoshi, who worries that his student is letting her mind’s quest be clouded by her heart’s desire. At the end of the meal, Emily lets Daniel know that Satoshi will invest $50 million with him.Daniel gives his dad the scoop on how his pal got Nolan to invest in his company. Ty is completely shocked to hear about the sex video as Conrad tries to fire him. We say he “tries” because the termination didn’t take. Tyler threatens to expose the truth about David Clarke as Conrad and Victoria’s patsy in the tragic plane crash.Victoria is approached by Ryan Huntley, a high-profile lawyer that Conrad asked to handle his divorce. The top attorney turned down his offer. He lets Victoria know that he would much rather represent her instead. Huntley has some conditions for his new client. He wants financial transparency as well as Victoria’s full support to do whatever is necessary to take Conrad down. Sounds like a plan!When they were kids, Jack and Amanda used to bury bottles of sea glass everywhere. Faux Amanda can’t seem to find the one that’s buried at the beach house. That’s because Jack dug it up the day after social services took her away. He kept all these years because he knew that she promised to come back.Tyler has a tense visit with Nolan. Topics of discussion include the sex video and Nolan’s withdrawal of his investment. Tyler swipes the flash drive containing the video. It also includes a video of Lydia that could be most incriminating for Conrad.Nolan knows that Emily is the one who leaked the video news. He confronts her about her evil games and her dad. Nolan says, “It’s good that he’s gone. So at least now he can’t se what you’ve become.” It appears that Emily has lost Nolan as an ally/friend. Satoshi has also abandoned her, as he believes she’s fallen for Daniel.After Daniel learns that his dad didn’t fire Tyler, he assures his mom that he’ll do whatever she needs regarding the divorce. Victoria looks concerned when her son mentions that Amanda Clarke is back in town. In flashbacks, we see that the real Amanda paid a visit to the lawyer that refused to move forward with the appeal of her dad’s treason conviction. The guy just happens to be Victoria Grayson’s new attorney, Ryan Huntley.continue reading
1009242615##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Suspicion | Season 1 Episode 9 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/24/11 Season 1 PG L, S Victoria continues to stew with anger as Daniel drifts further away from her. The queen credits maternal instinct as the reason for distrust of Emily. Both agree to attempt to work things out for Daniel’s sake. Emily says, “I really want make things right between us, especially since there’s a chance that we could be family someday."The police trace the GPS signal from Frank’s cell phone to the grounds of Grayson Manor. Victoria lets her hubby know that he’s being investigated. Conrad assures his wife that if he gets framed for this murder, he’ll take her down with him. Victoria assures him that she doesn’t respond well to threats. Speaking of threats…The real Emily who had been living as Amanda is now going by the name Kara. Nolan dubs her “Faux-manda.” Catchy. Emily isn’t thrilled to learn that her old prison chum is still around. She asks Nolan to run interference with Jack. Of course, our favorite billionaire genius has other issues to deal with after he learns Tyler swiped his credit card to buy a $5,000 dress for Ashley.After an employee volleyball game on the beach, Conrad creates a little competition between his son and Tyler. The first one to close a 20-million dollar deal at a “New Investor” party gets a full commission. Ty sets his sights on Nolan, who declines his investment offer among other propositions.Some sneaky hidden camerawork provides Nolan an up-close look at the shredded speech by Lydia. This has Emily believing that Tyler may be planning to blackmail the Graysons. She convinces Nolan to be Tyler’s investment score at the big party. Emily then makes a call to a number that’s not listed by any name on her cell phone contacts. She tells the mystery man on the other end of the line that she needs to see him.At the New Investor party, Daniel introduces Emily to powerful CEO named Satoshi Takeda. As it turns out, Emily already knows the powerful Mr. T. He’s the mystery man she had called. Satoshi is already well aware of Emily’s revenge plans. He asks, “How can I be of service?” As short time later, Victoria approaches Emily to apologize in front of Daniel, who still isn’t ready to return home.Nolan reveals his desire to invest in Grayson Global to Tyler. He also wants the two of them to spend a little more quality time together—starting now. The kiss the two men share is interrupted by the sound of shattering glass as a shocked Ashley drops her drink.Tyler chases after Ash to explain himself while Nolan snags the Lydia’s speech from the pocket of the jacket he left behind. As for Ashley, she’s challenged by Ty to get in the game by any means necessary, just like he has done. She takes the advice to heart, as a brunch is scheduled with Victoria. The subject they’ll be discussing will be Emily Thorne.Victoria confiscates Charlotte’s phone and car keys to keep her away from Declan. She then heads down to the Stowaway to make her daughter’s suitor a financial offer her can’t refuse. Charlotte tells her mom that Declan broke up with her. Well, not really. Dec and Charlotte conspire to make Victoria believe her payoff plan worked. It’s just a ruse. And the $25,000 Dec got from the queen gives him enough to get his own place where he and Charlotte can continue to be together.Lydia is tired of being held prisoner while she convalesces at Victoria’s place. She’s been fake-taking her pills, probably because she’s not sure what’s in them. When Conrad pops by, Lydia begs him to get her out there. So he does just that. Needless to say, Victoria is not happy.Jack takes Kara/Amanda/Emily out sailing. They share a passionate kiss while out on the high seas. Jack really likes this lady. He wants her to stick around town. The conversation takes an unexpected turn when the woman sitting on his boat tells him that she’s the same little girl he had a crush on as a kid. She tells him that she’s Amanda Clarke. Jack breaks this news to Emily, who knows that faux-Amanda is now a very real threat to her plans.In a flashback, we see that Emily had received a note from Warden Stiles. It read: “If you choose this path, and I hope you won’t, call this number first. His name is Satoshi.” Emily placed the call. She informed Satoshi that she was ready to continue her training. He instructed her to come to Japan. Emily recalls this memory as she watches Jack and Amanda sitting on the swing on her front porch. It’s hard to tell if she’s more upset about Amanda affecting her plans or because she was holding hands with Jack.continue reading
1009242616##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Duress | Season 1 Episode 11 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/04/12 Season 1 PG L, S, V Everyone looks anxious at Daniel Grayson’s intimate birthday bash on the beach. That’s probably because Tyler is standing at the head of the table with a gun pointed at Emily’s head. Every party has a pooper, right?We jump back two days to learn that Emily is planning a clambake as a low-key birthday party for her boyfriend. Speaking of Daniel, he has dad believing all is well between them once Conrad agrees to fire Tyler. In truth, Daniel is simply positioning himself to help Victoria get whatever she wants out of the divorce.The only thing Victoria truly wants out of the divorce settlement is Grayson Manor, a few pieces of art and, of course, Charlotte. Conrad isn’t willing to go for that last one so easily. As far as the financial details, the prenup Victoria signed isn’t valid since she was pregnant at the time. It falls under the category of duress. Therefore she’s entitled to half of all assets accrued during the marriage.Victoria later tells her lawyer, Ryan Huntley, she lied about being pregnant and then having a miscarriage. That means the contract is valid. Flashbacks show Emily giving Huntley all the evidence he needed to prove her father was innocent. She knows the rich and mighty got to him. As far as Emily is concerned, Huntley is just as guilty as the man who murdered her father in prison.Emily makes nice with Nolan as the two of them try to figure out a strategy regarding Tyler. Their unbalanced nemesis stole Nolan’s whale-cam with all those nasty, incriminating video files. Emily sneaks into the pool house to swipe back the Shamu-cam. She also catches sight of Tyler’s antipsychotic meds.Tyler trashes the pool house when he can’t find the hidden camera. The guy is coming more and more unhinged. Tyler also reveals to Conrad that he has a video of Frank Stevens tossing Lydia off a balcony. Oh, and there’s also some footage detailing his complicity in the framing of David Clarke.Emily learns that Tyler has a brother who is a trauma surgeon in San Francisco. Nolan offers to fly the good doctor in to take care of his psychotic sibling. Tyler aggressively leads Daniel to believe that he’s heading out of The Hamptons. The GPS on his cell phone seems to confirm that Ty is on a plane bound for the west coast. But that’s not really the case.Tyler pulls a knife on Nolan demanding all copies of the videos on the whale-cam, which just happens to be on the mantle at Emily’s place. Ty cuts Nolan’s arm moments before seeing Emily place her gun in her desk thanks to that whale-cam. He plans to pay her a visit at the beach house, but not before tying up a wounded Nolan.Emily gives Daniel an early birthday present. It’s a picture of the two of them from the day they met. Ashley recruits Jack to help with the big clambake. He’ll be staying for the dinner, as will Amanda. Both Conrad and Victoria are taken aback ever so slightly when they see Amanda in person.Tyler’s brother arrives at Nolan’s place and unties him. Nolan immediately calls Emily, but Tyler’s the one who answers the phone. At the party, Victoria gives Daniel a scrapbook that’s a collection of memories and photos detailing every summer they’ve ever come to the beach. It’s a total slap in the face to Emily, who had mentioned her own photo idea earlier.Emily excuses herself to bring out the birthday cake. Tyler is waiting for her inside. As the two of them get into a verbal sparring match, Emily slips a wallet into Tyler’s jacket pocket. Then Tyler grabs the gun from Emily’s desk and leads her out to the beach at gunpoint. It’s not exactly the happiest of birthday parties.It’s obvious that Tyler has completely unspooled as he invites the guests to join him a game of “Truth or Die.” He asks Conrad to tell everyone the truth about David Clarke before pointing the gun at Emily’s head. He’s about to pull the trigger when his brother calls to him. The distraction gives Jack and Daniel an opening to tackle and subdue Tyler. When the police arrive, they find Frank’s wallet in Ty’s jacket. He’s now the prime suspect in the security man’s murder.Nolan knows that Emily always keeps her gun loaded. Well, almost always. Tonight she knew to remove all the bullets. Emily watches as Jack heads home with Amanda, who wonders what Ty was talking about when he asked for the truth about David Clarke. As for Victoria, she’s informed by her lawyer that he’s found a doctor willing to manufacture documents to prove she had a miscarriage. That’ll make the prenup invalid. This brings a satisfied smile to the queen’s face.continue reading
1009242617##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Perception | Season 1 Episode 14 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 02/09/12 Season 1 PG L Cordial invitations to the Fire and Ice Ball go out to announce the engagement of Mr. Daniel Grayson to Miss Emily Thorne. That’s not the only thing that may be heading out in the daily mail. Emily makes a DVD copy of the interview tape that she secretly plans to deliver to her newfound little sis, Charlotte.During a family photo shoot at Grayson Manor, Emily recalls the first time she met Daniel. It wasn’t on the yacht. Flashbacks reveal that our favorite revenge-loving lady first crossed paths with an intoxicated Danny boy in a bar. He was going on and on about wanting freedom from the world’s perception of what it means to be a Grayson. She knew then-and-there that he was the one for her.Grandpa Grayson (guest star William Devane) is in town. Conrad’s larger-than-life dad comes to do damage control regarding his son’s impending divorce. Grandpa has always had a soft spot in his heart for Victoria. He wants her to promise that the divorce won’t get ugly. It may already be too late for that. Grandpa G will likely learn this once the entire family is together for an upcoming dinner party.Conrad warns the opportunistic Ashley that she’s hitched her wagon to the wrong Grayson. He also apologizes to Charlotte for taking out his frustrations with Victoria on her. Conrad wants to make sure that his little girl can handle any instability that may come her way. Charlotte says she can deal with anything as long as she has him. Emily overhears their conversation. It makes her reconsider her plan to deliver the DVD revealing that her dad was Charlotte’s father, too.Jack has been desperately trying to get hold of Amanda. Nolan tries to ease his bud’s heartache by having a big screen TV delivered to the Stowaway. It’s a nice gesture, but no high-def program is going to give Jack the answers he seeks. Perhaps the videotape he finds under his bed will. If only he knew a tech geek who could show him how to play it. Oh, wait. He does.Emily needs to get that tape back from Jack. She has Amanda set up a meeting with him at a hotel. It doesn’t go well. Jack wants answers. When he doesn’t get them, he opts to keep the tape. Emily’s next course of action is to have Nolan erase the video before Jack sees what’s on it. That never happens. Nolan hates what all this secrecy is doing to his friend. Jack views the video which shows a young Amanda revealing the identity of the dark-haired lady who was in love with her dad. Her name: Victoria.Jack tries to get Amanda to talk to him. He speeds off when she won’t answer her door. Amanda tells Emily she’s through listening to her. She races after Jack, but he’s already gone. His next stop is Grayson Manor where he crashes Grandpa’s big welcome dinner. He spills the beans about Victoria’s relationship with David Clarke. If the queen doesn’t stop telling lies about Amanda, Jack promises to start telling the truth about her.Speaking of telling the truth, Conrad helps fill in some blanks after Jack storms off. He lets Charlotte know that David Clarke is her biological father. Conrad also dispels the story that Victoria was attacked. David Clarke was her lover in an ongoing affair. Grandpa Grayson now knows that the possibility of a friendly divorce is history. He suggests that Conrad step down as CEO of Grayson Global so that Daniel can take over. Victoria overhears their entire conversation.Declan tries to console Charlotte at the Stowaway, but her only comfort comes from a bottle behind the bar. Emily is also feeling down. She knows that Jack is back on Victoria’s radar. She comes home to an even bigger problem. The secret compartment in her living room floor is open. Inside rests an invitation response card to the Fire and Ice Ball. The guest has indicated that she will attend. The handwritten name on the card reads "Miss Emily Thorne."continue reading
1009242618##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Commitment | Season 1 Episode 13 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/19/12 Season 1 PG L,S,V The news of the moment is that David Clarke is Charlotte Grayson’s biological father. Emily formulates a plan to use this information in the best possible way. The fact that she just learned she has a half-sister isn’t slowing her down one bit. Of course, she needs proof that she and Charlotte are related. She also needs a way to get rid of Amanda. Mason Treadwell’s interview tapes of David Clarke should help accomplish both objectives.With Charlotte by his side, Conrad informs Declan that he’ll be paying for his tuition to attend prep school with his daughter. Moments later, a video flash drive is delivered. Conrad is instructed to open it in private. He later plays the recording at a mediation session with Victoria and their attorneys. The video reveals the details of Victoria’s affair as well as the fact that Charlotte is not Conrad’s daughter.Victoria believes Amanda Clarke is the one who set the fire at Mason Treadwell’s place to cover the theft of the interview tapes. Speaking of the tapes, Emily plants them inside Amanda’s bag as part of a frame job for the fire. She pockets a note with Amanda’s handwriting she finds while rifling through her things.Conrad swipes Charlotte’s hairbrush for DNA testing. Victoria also wants to use DNA to prove that the girl who claims to be Amanda Clarke is the real deal. That’s why she invites her over for tea. Victoria has Ryan Huntley use a spoon that Amanda licked to use for a sample. Huntley says the preliminary results from Charlotte’s DNA test indicate that Conrad is not her father.Conrad dismisses the lawyers to have a private chat with his soon-to-be-ex-wife. He lets Victoria know that she should take whatever her offers her. If they go to trial, it’ll be public knowledge that she had a child after a torrid love affair with the most hated man in America. This puts the queen in a precarious spot. It also has an eavesdropping Ashley wondering why she invested herself in a family that appears ready to implode.Daniel plans an intimate, romantic dinner on the boat where he first met Emily. A mobile orchestra plays in the background until the rains come. A little bad weather isn’t going stop Daniel from his objective of the evening. He gets down on one knee, pulls out a ring and asks a breathless Emily to marry him. Her answer is yes. The two of them kiss, embrace and laugh in the middle of the downpour. Of course, things are just as stormy inside once the happy couple breaks the news to Victoria.Charlotte is crushed when Conrad informs her that she needs to move back with her mother. What’s even more jarring is the way in which he seems to look upon her. Charlotte is, however, thrilled to learn that Daniel proposed to Emily. She says she’s always wanted a sister. What Charlotte still doesn’t know is that she’s always had one.Jack walks in on a thug Victoria hired to swipe the David Clarke interview tapes. The two men get into a brutal brawl, with Jack being left beaten and bloody. Elsewhere, Ryan Huntley informs the queen that Amanda is, indeed, Charlotte’s half-sister. Victoria then promptly fires her attorney. Later, Huntley informs Emily that there was nothing he could have done to stop Jack from getting hurt. As it turns out, Huntley had always believed David Clarke was innocent. That’s why he’s been in cahoots with Emily all along.David Clarke didn’t want Huntley to pursue justice for him because he was afraid that a new trial would sic the conspiracy wolves on his daughter. Huntley switched the samples for the DNA test on Amanda to keep Emily’s plans from being derailed. He advises her to reassess what she’s doing before more innocent people get hurt.Emily gives Amanda the scoop about how Conrad and Victoria framed her father to take the fall for their terrorist ties. She convinces her to leave town, but Amanda can’t say goodbye to Jack. Emily promises to do it for her. Jack is devastated when he reads the handwritten breakup note declaring Amanda’s departure.Jack has no idea that one of the David Clarke interview tapes was accidentally left behind under his bed. As for the rest of the tapes, Victoria locks them away in a safe. Flashbacks show her seducing Conrad the night David Clarke was arrested. This was just moments after she realized she was pregnant with another man’s baby.Emily realizes she needs to minimize the collateral damage. She intends to give Daniel back his ring in order to take some time to regroup. In other news, Victoria leads Daniel to believe that she became pregnant with Charlotte because David Clarke forced himself on her. When Emily gets wind of this bogus rape story, her plans to take a revenge-break disappear. She suggests a June wedding to Daniel as she stares over at Victoria with daggers in her eyes.continue reading Daniel Proposes to Emily
1009242619##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Chaos | Season 1 Episode 15 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 02/16/12 Season 1 PG L,V It’s Labor Day weekend. A gunshot rings out on the beach. A body slumps to the sand. A gloved hand reaches down to pull away a photo sheet that rests beside it. More shots are fired. What just happened? We jump back 24 hours to find out.The Infinity Box that Emily hid under her floorboards is gone, but she doesn’t believe Amanda is the one who stole it. A phone call from the true culprit proves her right. Tyler is back in the picture. He’s been perusing David Clarke’s journal while making plans for vindication. Oh, and he’s also holding Amanda hostage. Tyler lets her sift through Emily’s box of secrets to prove that she’s not as virtuous as she’s led everyone to believe.Tyler wants a bunch of cash in exchange for the Infinity Box and Amanda. Emily surprises him at gunpoint in the parking lot where they had set up a meeting. She binds him to a fence, but didn’t plan on him having an ally. Amanda steps up behind Emily with a gun pointed at her head. She and Tyler head off with the Infinity Box and the electronic funds transfer info Emily brought for the payoff.Grandpa Grayson wants Daniel to meet with Satoshi Takeda. He wants him to assure the big money investor that Conrad’s marriage woes and a possible SEC investigation are no reason to bail on Grayson Global. Daniel shows up for the meeting, but doesn’t stay. He reveals that he has plans to ask his fiancée to run away with him, so someone else will have address Satoshi’s concerns about his father’s company.After Charlotte sleeps off lots of liquor, she swipes Jack’s prescription bottle of pain meds. Declan gives her the name of a therapist she should call to help her deal with recent events. Grandpa Grayson doesn’t think that’s a wise move. He persuades Charlotte to remain mum about their family’s issues. In exchange for her loyalty, he’ll make a call to the dean of the prep school. It’s the only way Dec will get in since he flunked the entrance exam.Jack gets a call from a priest in Haiti. He’s offered a chance to head a project to raise a school. Jack believes this is an opportunity to get his life back on track. He asks Emily if she would watch after Sammy while he’s gone. After all, his loyal dog lights up whenever she’s around her. Nolan tells Emily she should sail away with Jack. She can’t do that. Emily does, however, want Nolan to make sure that Jack gets away safely.Tyler dons a swell white suit to crash his old Harvard buddy’s engagement party. He plans to frame Emily for Daniel’s murder. It’s payback for the frame job she did on him regarding Frank Stevens. Tyler wants Amanda to join him at the bash, but she belts him in the face to escape his clutches. She also snags the electronic funds info before making her way to Jack’s boat. She convinces him to take her along on his journey.Jack says that Emily is the only person who told him not to give up on Amanda. This is a somewhat sobering newsflash. Amanda heads off to pay her cab fare, but ends up speeding away. Jack chases after her once he realizes there’s blood on his hand that must have come from Amanda.Conrad offers Victoria the deed to Grayson Manor as part of their divorce settlement. After signing on the dotted line, Victoria pulls out the business card of a field director at the Securities and Exchange Commission. She later tries to make amends with her son. It doesn’t go well. Daniel reveals his plans to ask Emily to run away to France. Victoria warns him to be prepared for an unenthusiastic response.Satoshi Takeda has a gift for Emily at the engagement party. It’s the Infinity Box. He wants Emily to bury her father’s secrets in the sand. When she returns, any questions she has will be answered. Daniel finds Emily on the beach. He asks her to run away to Paris with him. Her response is pretty much what Victoria had predicted. Daniel heads off to be alone on the beach.A gun-wielding Tyler shows up to give Daniel a group photo with an X-mark next to the name of the targets Emily has taken down. He grabs Daniel’s cell phone to text a message. He wants Emily to come to the beach. Declan and a pill-popping Charlotte are already headed that way.BANG! Jack hears a gunshot as he races toward the beach. He finds Amanda hovering over a body bearing a bloody gunshot wound to the back. Jack tells her take off in his car as he drags the body behind some brush. Daniel’s cell phone rings when Emily calls. Charlotte and Declan hear the noise. This sends Jack running off. Charlotte’s screams interrupt the speech her mother is giving at the party. Everyone heads to the beach.When Jack’s truck breaks down on the side of the road, Amanda accepts a ride from a stranger. We can’t really see the driver’s silhouetted face, but his voice sounds a lot like Satoshi Takeda. Back on the beach, Victoria rushes to the body. She fears her son is dead, but turns the body to reveal that it’s actually Tyler.A somewhat disoriented Daniel steps up to the scene. Victoria hugs her son until she sees the blood covering the front of his tux. She shifts into protective mode as she places her lips close to Daniel’s ear. Victoria whispers, “Don’t say a word.” We have just arrived at the end of the evening when we were first introduced to Emily Thorne.continue reading
1009242620##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Absolution | Season 1 Episode 19 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/03/12 Season 1 TV-PG L,V Emily wipes away the snow from her father\'s grave marker to place a rose atop it. She makes a list of all the prisoners who were in David Clarke\'s cell block the day he was stabbed. Charlotte shows Emily a photo of her father she found hidden in her mother\'s jewelry box. It\'s dated the day he was killed. Emily notices that her dad is holding a journal. It\'s one that wasn\'t in the Infinity Box. That\'s because Nolan kept it from her.Nolan was trying to protect David Clarke\'s legacy, as the journal is filled with seemingly paranoid thoughts. It also contains an entry claiming that "CM" will come with the truth. Emily realizes that the initials stand for Conrad Grayson\'s secretary, Carole Miller. An Internet search reveals that the woman died a few days after David Clarke. Emily does a little digging to learn that Carole Miller is actually very much alive. She\'s living under the name Carole Thomas in Lancaster, PA. Looks like Emily is taking a road trip.Emily poses as Homeland Security official to gain access to Carole\'s rural farmhouse. She\'s caught off guard when she sees a picture of the woman with Nolan. This is moments before Carole points a shotgun at her. Nolan comes barreling down the stairs to tell his Aunt Carole to lower her weapon. You heard us. Nolan is the nephew of Conrad Grayson\'s ex-secretary. Carole is the person who introduced him to David Clarke.Nolan explains that Carole believed David Clarke was innocent, so she started digging around Grayson Global. This search led her to a senior accountant named Roger Halsted, who had discovered enough evidence to hang Conrad Grayson and exonerate David Clarke, who was murdered before anything like that could happen. Nolan faked his aunt\'s death to assure her safety. Carole says that Conrad dealt with a scary, white-haired man. However, she can\'t provide a name.Declan knows Charlotte is headed down a bad path. After he catches her sharing pills with Adam on campus, he rats her out to the school\'s headmaster. Charlotte vows to have her dad pull Dec\'s tuition checks. Fortunately, Nolan offers to pay all school bills. Victoria later brings Charlotte to David Clarke\'s grave to help give her some comfort. They see by the fresh rose on the headstone that someone else has recently come to pay their respects. We can tell by the look on Victoria\'s face that she\'s wondering just who that might be.Jack wants Emily to make sure she knows what she\'s getting by marrying into the Grayson family. He has more to say, but their chat is interrupted by a phone call announcing that Daniel is being released from prison. Emily\'s car is vandalized when she arrives to pick him up. Someone spray-painted the word "murderer" across the windshield. Emily suggests Daniel do a TV interview to tell his side of the story.Jack tells Daniel about the part he played the night Tyler was killed, as well as the role his family may have played in Lee Moran\'s death. He says Daniel owes it to Emily to not ignore this. In other news, Victoria meets with SEC man John McGowen to ask for immunity after she provides him with information about her husband. A short time later, Conrad gets word that the feds are seizing information from his offices. This looks to be the beginning of the end for him.Daniel asks his father to tell him the truth, so Conrad does just that. He now knows that Lee Moran\'s suicide note was bogus. He also knows that his father had this man killed. Before Conrad says anymore, he makes Daniel promise to take care of the company and Charlotte after they come for him. He then proceeds to reveal the details about David Clarke. Father and son believe they are chatting in private, but Emily had previously bugged the office. She hears every word.Daniel tells his story during the TV interview. He talks about the night of the murder as well as how anyone who commits a crime should pay for it no matter who they are. This leads the reporter to her next line of questions involving the SEC investigation at Grayson Global. Emily beams with pride as she believes Daniel is about to come clean. Instead, he claims his father is the victim of a witch hunt. Conrad is grateful for this, Victoria is livid and Emily now knows that Daniel has somehow been turned. He truly is a Grayson.Now that the charges against Daniel have been dropped, Ashley gives Victoria her notice. She\'s been offered a media relations position at the law firm of the Grayson\'s lawyer, Benjamin Brooks. The job is gone before it starts thanks to Victoria\'s influence. That\'s fine. Conrad prefers working with people who like to get their hands dirty. That\'s why he offers Ash a job with him, along with the understanding that the two of them are intertwined from this day forward.Emily knows that Daniel could have ended everything if he\'d only told the truth. He didn\'t. So she\'s still going to marry him. She\'s also going to track down the man who murdered her father. Once she finds him, she intends to kill him. Old video footage shows a white-haired man meeting with Conrad Grayson. He\'s the same man who was wearing a guard\'s uniform in the prison photo. Emily now knows this is the man who murdered her father.continue reading
1009242621##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Infamy | Season 1 Episode 12 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/12/12 Season 1 PG L,S,V Mason Treadwell is the bestselling author of book detailing the life of David Clarke. The good news is that he made millions due to the success of this biography. The bad news is that his book of lies landed him on Emily Thorne’s hit list.Mason is slated to give a reading of his unpublished memoir at Grayson Manor. He and Victoria go way back. In fact, the queen is calling in a favor. She wants Mason to have a chat with Amanda to find out why she’s back in town. Mason interviewed her when she was nine. He also interviewed David Clarke and made public declarations that the man was, indeed, guilty of his crimes. That was a mistake.Victoria’s lawyer, Ryan Huntley, wants her son to ask his dad for access to his trust so they can get control of Grayson Global. Conrad agrees to do this, but he throws in a clause. Daniel can access the trust, but his shares in the company will remain frozen until he turns 30 or gets married. Conrad doesn’t have much faith in his son’s relationship with Emily.Nolan expresses interest in having Mason Treadwell write his biography, so the author gives his prospective new client and his friend, Emily, a tour of his cabin. The lone copy of his unpublished memoir rests atop his desk across from an array of rare first-edition books. There’s also a collection of videotapes from all the interviews he did to research David Clarke’s story.Flashbacks reveal that Mason Treadwell used to go by the name Leo. That was back when he gained the trust of a little girl who was made to doubt her father thanks to the lies he wrote. When Emily learns that Mason will be interviewing Amanda, she enlists Nolan’s help to control the encounter. In a modern day Cyrano scene, Emily feeds Amanda lines of dialogue through a hidden earpiece. She gives Mason one last chance to come clean at the upcoming reading of his memoir. She suggests he take it.When it comes time to read his story, Mason opts to stick to his tale of lies. Victoria simply has too much power over him. Emily wants Nolan to keep Mason occupied for a spell. She needs time to execute the next phase of her plan. Emily breaks into Mason’s cabin. She swipes the videotapes of the interviews with her dad. Then she lights one of Mason’s cigarettes and places it atop that lone copy of his memoir. The famed biographer returns home to see his cabin, make that his entire life, going up in flames.Conrad has Daniel meet with Sofie Arnault, a beautiful woman who is looking to do more than invest with this handsome young representative of Grayson Global. It’s more than obvious that this little date was Conrad’s way of assuring that his son cool things with Emily. Daniel realizes his dad amended the trust options, so he tells his mom that it would be a win-win situation if he marries Emily. Victoria doesn’t see it that way, which is why she has Ashley dish the details of Danny boy’s trust issues to Emily.Jack is a little uncomfortable with Amanda’s wild ways while working at The Stowaway. This includes kissing ladies at the bar and pouring shots directly into the mouths of patrons. Declan thinks Amanda is good for his tightly-wound brother. He encourages Jack to loosen up, so he invites Amanda on a trip to Atlantic City. This gesture should alleviate the jealously Amanda’s been feeling over Emily.Declan worries that he’ll never get to see Charlotte once they start prep school. Speaking of Charlotte, she’s part of twist Emily never saw coming. While watching interview tapes with David Clarke, Emily sees her dad desperately trying to convince Mason that he and Victoria were in love. If he wants proof of that, all he has to do is ask Victoria who Charlotte’s real father is.continue reading
1009242622##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Scandal | Season 1 Episode 16 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/01/12 Season 1 PG L,V Police comb the beach area that’s become a crime scene thanks to Tyler’s murder. Many are questioned, but only one appears to be a prime suspect. Daniel tells the police he doesn’t remember anything about what happened with Tyler. That’s not exactly true. Daniel is clear about how Tyler showed him the picture of Emily’s targets—a photo that was found under the floorboards of her home.After Daniel is released from police custody, he searches beneath the floorboards at Emily’s house. He finds various fishing and sailor items in the spot where the Infinity Box used to reside. A short time later, the police arrive with a warrant for Daniel’s arrest. He’s taken away in cuffs as Emily watches helplessly.Benjamin Brooks (guest star Courtney B. Vance) is the no-nonsense attorney hired to defend Daniel, who finally reveals the details of the beach scene. There was a struggle. Daniel managed to wrestle the gun away before shooting Tyler. He only fired once, but the victim was shot a total of three times—with two bullet wounds in the back. Brooks says that the hematoma on the back of Daniel’s head suggests that a third person may have knocked him out to set him up. Amanda Clarke’s name pops up as a possibility.Emily went back to the house when everyone else was down at the police station with Daniel. Victoria seems to be satisfied with her answer that she stopped to get a change of clothes for her son. She does, however, question Emily’s loyalty when she spills the details of how the Grayson influence got Daniel off after his DUI. This move convinces Victoria to promise full disclosure from here on out. She also tells Brooks that Amanda dated Jack.Jack tells Declan that engine trouble prevented him from sailing away to Haiti, but his little brother isn’t really buying the story. He pops by Emily’s place to pick up Sammy and ask about Amanda. Obviously he hasn’t heard from her since that night on the beach. Nolan’s surveillance footage lets Emily know that Amanda showed up at his boat. The engine trouble story was a lie.Jack finds the receipt for a $5 million wire transfer in Amanda’s jacket pocket. He seeks answers from Nolan, who suggests he ditch the receipt and forget about Amanda. That’s not going to happen. Nolan lets Emily know that Jack found the wire transfer receipt. She knows Jack is now in this thing even deeper than he was before.When Emily learns that the security cameras at Grayson Manor were altered, she realizes that Nolan has been on Satoshi Takeda’s payroll. He was only working for the guy in order to protect her. Speaking of protecting people, Declan vows to do so for his brother once he finds Jack’s blood-soaked hoodie. Jack may need all the help he can get after Benjamin Brooks starts asking him questions at the Stowaway.Someone from the party snapped pictures of Daniel at the crime scene. It’s all over the Internet. Conrad and Victoria want the family to appear as a united front to help Daniel’s case. They even seem to be getting along better. Charlotte is still staying with Declan, who doesn’t quite know how to handle his girlfriend’s pill-popping. Charlotte wants answers about David Clarke from her mom. Flashbacks show us that Victoria was unwilling to go back to a life that she once lived—not even for love.Ashley has become the spokesperson for the Graysons with the media. She’s flourishing in this role. Benjamin Brooks believes she could parlay Daniel’s trial into a whole new career. Of course, he’s pretty sure Ashley is already well aware of this. Nolan is, too. He lets Ash know that he knows she’s the one who leaked the crime scene photos of Daniel to the press. What he intends to do with this information is to be determined.The judge assigned to Daniel’s case assures everyone that money and power will have no influence in her court. That’s why she denies bail. Daniel Grayson is to be remanded to the maximum security correctional facility on Rikers Island until his trial. Everyone is stunned. This includes Emily, who we learn had a run in with Takada just 48 hours earlier.Flashbacks show Emily furiously lashing out at Takeda at her beach house. Her mentor shows her the picture Tyler was going to use to expose her. Another flashback shows the struggle Daniel had with Tyler before he shot him. Takeda used a rock to knock Daniel unconscious. Tyler was still alive, so he shot him twice in the back.Takeda says that Amanda and Jack showed up shortly after all this went down before he exits the house. The Infinity Box rests on a nearby table. Emily trashes it. She’s more out of control than we’ve ever seen her. This doesn’t last long. A look of steely determination takes over Emily’s face. Her voiceover lets us know that she’s ready to do battle once again. Emily says, "When you stare ahead and darkness is all you see, only reason and determination can pull you back from the abyss."continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242623##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Legacy | Season 1 Episode 20 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/10/12 Season 1 TV-PG L Ever wonder how Emily Thorne got so intensely focused on revenge? We jump back to 2002 during the days when she was still known as Amanda (though we’ll still refer to her as Emily here). She was partying hard and getting into trouble. Nolan swings by to pick her up after a bar fight. It’s been six months since he gave her David Clarke’s journals. It’s obvious she’s yet to read them.Conrad, Victoria and Frank are forced to deal with the fact that someone sent a note threatening to expose the truth about the late David Clarke. They invite all possible suspects to their annual New Year’s Eve party at Grayson Manor. It’s at one of these gala events that Victoria first met David. There was an instant connection. As for the 2002 bash, so many old friends we’ve come to know are on the guest list. Lydia and her husband, Michael, are the first to arrive. They announce that they are trying to buy David Clarke’s old house. Too bad the current owners aren’t entertaining any offers.Emily stops by the Stowaway for a drink. She asks the pretty lady behind the bar for a vodka tonic, hold the tonic. The woman who serves her just happens to be dating a young Jack Porter. As short time later, Emily finally does read through her father’s journals. She later convinces Jack’s girlfriend to hook her up with a waitress gig at the Grayson family’s New Year’s bash. She intends to find out the truth about her father.Some of the guests in attendance at the 2002 gala are Mason Treadwell, Bill Harmon, Senator Tom Kingsly and Dr. Michelle Banks. None of these folks had any clue that they would one day become the target of the young lady currently serving drinks. Also present at the party is Roger Halstead, a senior accountant at Grayson Global. According to David Clarke’s journal, this guy was a true friend who knew he was innocent. Halstead was forced to keep quiet against his will.Conrad reveals to Lydia that he and Victoria are the owners of David Clarke’s house. The two of them chat about how they conspired against an innocent man. This is moments before they begin their extramarital affair. Conrad later announces that the house next door has suddenly become available. He wants Lydia nearby. Victoria is also onboard with the idea, as having a friend live in that house may help her forget about David. A photographer snaps a photo of Lydia and Victoria. It happens to be the shot that catches Emily in the background.At the Stowaway, Nolan hits on the cute bartender before realizing she’s Jack’s girl. It’s the moment when these two future buds first met. Nolan learns that he’s partially responsible for forcing the Porter family to move out of their family home thanks to one of his real estate deals. He tries to make good with Jack’s dad, but learns that it was all for the best. It’s the only way he could hide the fact that his wife could care less about their two sons. Jack’s opportunistic girlfriend overhears the conversation. She makes a move on Nolan, who gets decked by Jack. This seems fitting since these two have always had an up-and-down friendship.Emily corners Halstead in the pool house to reveal her true identity. She lets him know that she’s not afraid of the Graysons. Halstead, however, is. That’s why he’s become a drunkard as well as the prime suspect as the possible leak. Frank confronts him inside the pool house. Emily shows up during their uncomfortable chat, as Halstead had vowed to help her. Frank shuffles her out the door. When Emily returns, she finds Halstead dead in the bathtub in what’s made to look like a suicide. As it turns out, Halstead didn’t write the incriminating note. The real author was Treadwell.Emily now knows that the Graysons will do anything to protect their empire. She reads a note that Halstead slipped her. He intended to tell her everything until they killed him. Emily makes an emotional phone call to Nolan vowing that she’ll do whatever it takes to expose the people who framed her father. Back in present day, Emily rereads Halstead’s note. She’s doing so on the night of the Grayson’s annual New Year’s Eve bash. She’s been to event before, but this time she’ll be attending as a guest. Make that a guest with a plan for revenge.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242624##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Grief | Season 1 Episode 21 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/17/12 Season 1 TV-PG L,V Emily is determined to hunt down the white-haired man who killed her father. This unnamed killer actually makes an appearance in the offices of Grayson Global. He lets Conrad know that he’s become a bad asset for his employers. Emily plans to create a reason for Whitey surface again. Then she’s going to track him down to make him pay for his crimes.Emily sends Conrad a video of her and Daniel asleep in her bedroom. She leads him to believe it’s a subtle threat from the white-haired man. Conrad takes the bait. He sets up a meeting in Brooklyn. Emily’s attempts to be at the rendezvous are thwarted by Daniel. He insists that she sit down with Ashley to hear her pitch for their wedding, which has suddenly become more of a PR stunt. Emily has no choice but ask Nolan to pinch hit.Daniel presents a check for a million bucks to Jack. He insists it’s a chance for him to do some good, but Jack knows this is blood money to keep his mouth shut. He considers starting a charity with the loot. Perhaps it’s something he could do with Emily. It’s obvious he cares about her. So does Nolan. That’s why he does surveillance on the white-haired man as requested. Nolan can’t hear Conrad lay out the threatening contingency plan he has if any harm comes to his family, but he does follow Whitey when the meeting ends.Emily gets into a big fight with Daniel as the meeting with Ashley ends abruptly. Now she’s free to go after the white-haired man. Nolan knows she intends to kill him. That’s why he sends her to the wrong address. Nolan’s Aunt Carole lets Emily know that he is only trying to protect her. He’s trying to give her options other than murder. Nolan shows up at the white-haired man’s house disguised as a cable guy. He cons his way inside the home filled with hundreds of clocks to install a hidden camera. It’s obvious that the white-haired man doesn’t completely buy what’s happening even though he allows Nolan to leave.Victoria tries to get the ball rolling again in the stalled SEC investigation of Grayson Global. She pays a visit to Conrad at his Manhattan apartment. Two things catch her attention. The first is the de Kooning painting in the foyer. The second is the presence of her old friend, Lydia, dressed in next to nothing. Later, Victoria takes a knife to the de Kooning, as it’s a forgery. It’s also the place where Conrad is hiding evidence that could destroy him. Victoria assures Lydia that she’ll have the immunity she’s already enjoying as long as she plays ball.Declan comes home to the Stowaway with Jaime, a pretty prep school classmate who is originally from Yonkers. The two of them are working on an Econ project. The homework assignment gets put on hold when a worried Jack needs help looking for Sammy. The old dog has been sick lately. Jack gets a call from Emily. Sammy used up all of his strength to make his way to her front porch. He’s in bad shape. Jack needs to get over there pronto.Charlotte’s therapist wants to have a sit-down session with the entire family. Conrad arrives to go off on his wife about her recent theft. Victoria plants the seed that perhaps Lydia is the one betraying him. The entire scene sends Charlotte fleeing from all the drama. She heads over to the Stowaway to the one person who’s always been straight with her. Too bad she gets the wrong idea believing that Declan has already moved on to Jaime. Charlotte is gone before Dec can explain. She’s off to score some drugs from a street dealer.Jack knows Sammy is dying. He doesn’t have it in him to say goodbye to his best friend in the world. He breaks down sobbing. Emily is also in tears as she recalls happier days when Sammy was just a puppy. It was a time when her dad was still alive. It was a time when a little boy named Jack was best friends with a little girl named Amanda. She never forgot those days. Neither did Sammy. That’s why, even after all these years, he still managed to find his way home.It’s a heartbreaking scene as Sammy passes away. Jack and Emily console each other with hugs. This leads to a passionate kiss that’s observed by Ashley, who happens to be peaking in through the front window. Later, Jack digs a grave for Sammy on the beach. He asks Emily what the two of them are going to do now. Clearly, she has no idea. Tears stream down her face as she digs more of the grave while Jack heads off to get Sammy.Daniel threatens to sever all ties with his mother if she goes through with her plans to destroy his father. Victoria later gives the incriminating evidence she has on Conrad to her son. Daniel lets his dad know that his mother took the bait. An eavesdropping Victoria is saddened by the choice he’s made. Emily is also listening in via video camera. When Daniel to comes home, she can’t take her eyes off the briefcase that now holds enough evidence to clear her father’s name and bring down the Graysons.Before Daniel arrives, Emily has a chat with Nolan on the phone. She thanks him for intervening earlier today. She thanks him for being a good friend. Nolan then checks out his handiwork by dialing up the video stream of the white-haired man in his house. Something’s off. The clocks in the home don’t show the right time. This is a recording. An arm violently wraps around Nolan’s neck. The white-haired man strangles Nolan, who fights to breathe. The attacker is just too strong. Nolan takes one last gasp for air before his body eventually goes limp.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242625##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Destiny | Season 2 premier Episode 1 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/01/12 Season 2 PG L A salvage mission at sea is underway at Block Island Sound, Rhode Island on Labor Day Weekend. A diver finds the wreckage of a charred sailboat that’s been split down the middle. It’s the Amanda. We see several familiar items in this watery grave. There’s a photo of Jack and Declan with their dad. There’s the compass Emily gave to Jack. There are also two dead bodies buried in the shipwreck. We can see by the dismembered arm that floats past us that one victim is a man. We just don’t know who he is.We jump back three months to Oshima Island, Japan. Emily is bound to a post in an ocean cove. Takeda watches her plight from the shore alongside a strong, disciplined young man who we’ve never seen before. Emily has a flashback to the days when her mother was alive just before the man with Takeda frees her from her bindings. She vows to find out what happened to her mom. Emily says, “God help the people who kept me from her.” She lets Takeda know that he’s not immune to any new plans for revenge.Nolan is training hard in a boxing ring when Emily returns to the U.S. He says, “You never know when a white-haired maniac’s gonna pop out of the shadows with a knife or gun or shoe bomb…” So true. Emily recalls a hospital that was closed suddenly by a dummy investment group two days after her dad was arrested. She and Nolan visit the closed-down psychiatric ward. There’s an infinity symbol scratched on the leather straps that used to bind Emily’s mom to her bed. The visitor log suggests that someone posing as her Aunt Charlotte visited her mother. Emily knows that the imposter had to be Victoria.The continuation of the video that we saw at the end of “Reckoning” has the white-haired man saying that Emily’s mom is a liability. She needs to get close to the Graysons again to find out more info. Emily pays a visit to Charlotte, who has been living sober for the past 60 days at an addiction recovery center. She wants to be granted outpatient privileges to attend a Memorial Day art auction. It’s a second chance for her to honor her mother since she missed her funeral. Her therapist, Dr. Thomas, agrees to escort her to the auction.Jack has been out of sorts lately. He’s drinking himself to sleep on the boat and letting the Stowaway fall apart. Nolan lets him know that Emily is back in town. Jack sees this firsthand when she stops by to see Amanda, who vows she’s not going anywhere. Emily needs to stay close to these two as well. That’s why she tells Jack that Amanda asked her to be the baby’s godmother. In other news, the young man from Japan convinces Takeda that he can guide Emily back to the right path. If he fails, the mission is over for both of them.Ashley is still running things around Grayson Manor. She’s also become Daniel’s new lady love. Ashley makes sure all is going smoothly at the art auction on the yacht as her doting blonde assistant follows her around like a puppy. Out on the deck, Daniel sees that Emily is preparing to board. In between drinks, he lets his dad know that he’s keeping all his money in trust. This disappoints Conrad, who was hoping he’d invest it back into Grayson Global.The auction begins with Ashley giving a brief eulogy for her former boss before unveiling the first item up for bid. It’s the Dominik Wright original: Victoria Unfinished. Charlotte’s had enough. She steps up to the microphone to say that her mother was more than just fancy parties and art auctions. When her touching speech is over, Charlotte learns that she failed her last drug test. She believes her dad did this to her and whispers something in Emily’s ear before being forcibly taken away. A short time later we learn that the secret she shared is about her mother. Victoria Grayson is alive.Victoria has been living in isolation is a remote cabin in the woods. She says she’s being protected by the government while they build a case against Conrad for a slew of charges which include bringing down that plane. Charlotte is the only one who knows the truth. They kept in contact via a burner phone which was found by Dr. Thomas. Emily asks new roomie Nolan (he sold his bad karma mansion) to run a background check on Charlotte’s doc, who is, indeed, in cahoots with Conrad, who is looking gain power of attorney over his daughter’s inheritance.Nolan needs to set up a secret clam-cam so they can spy on Victoria. Whale cams are so last season. He gets to work on this while Jack pays Emily a visit. This is the first time they’ve really had a chance to talk since the night Sammy died. Things certainly have changed. Emily asks Jack if he’s absolutely sure the baby is his. She convinces him to ask Amanda for proof. Later, Emily pays another visit to Victoria to let her know that Dr. Thomas is a fairly slimy fellow. She also plants the clam-cam.Emily returns home to see Daniel out on his deck nursing a drink. Inside the house, Nolan is watching a live stream of clam-cam footage. The white-haired man is back. Victoria lets him know that Charlotte has told Emily a version of the truth. She wants him to eliminate the liability. Emily says, “What they did to my father, they did to my mother, too.” Nolan knows they’ll be coming for her now. That’s just fine with Emily Thorne.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242626##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Reckoning | Season 1 Episode 22 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/24/12 Season 1 TV-PG L, V Emily screams for Daniel. She cons him into believing she saw a white-haired man fleeing from her house. Daniel panics when he sees that the incriminating evidence on his father is missing from his briefcase. Conrad believes he knows exactly who is behind the theft. He also knows that his last bit of leverage is gone. He has no idea that the evidence he seeks is actually in the hands of Emily Thorne.Emily tries to read what’s on the incriminating hard drive labeled “Americon Initiative.” It’s encrypted. She looks to Nolan for help, but he’s MIA. When Emily arrives at his place, she finds a laptop showing a live stream of Nolan shackled to a wall. He’s being held prisoner. Emily lets the white-haired man know who she is as they arrange a meeting. She voluntarily allows herself to be rendered unconscious as she’s brought to Nolan’s location. She wakes up next to him chained to a wall.Emily lets the white-haired man know the evidence is hidden in a bus terminal locker. He has an hour to get to it before a programmed email is sent to the authorities. Once Whitey leaves, Emily picks the locks on the shackles. She sends Nolan off to deliver the actual evidence to McGowen, the SEC guy. She also asks him to let Jack know that she loves him if she doesn’t make it out of this thing.When the white-haired man returns, Emily is waiting for him with a large, metallic axe in hand. A violent battle ensues as a determined young woman seeks the ultimate revenge on the man who killed her father. Emily pins the white-haired man to the ground. She wants her face to be the last thing he sees before he dies. Then she recalls the time her dad helped her save the life of a wounded bird. Emily realizes the best way to honor her father is embrace the qualities he loved most about her. That’s why she lets the white-haired man live.Daniel is surprised when Jack returns the million dollar check he had given him. Of course, that’s nothing compared to the shock he feels when Ashley reveals what went down between Jack and his fiancée. Emily doesn’t deny kissing Jack. She lets Daniel know that he’s become everything he said he never wanted to be. He’s become a Grayson. Emily returns her engagement ring. She later lets Nolan know that she intends to tell Jack everything. She’s going to tell him the truth.Conrad presents Lydia with a ring. He lets her know that they need to get out of town fast. Lydia plans to recant her testimony against him until Victoria persuades her to stay the course. Victoria also learns that Conrad not only framed David Clarke, he also contracted to have him killed. In other news, the white-haired man lets Conrad know that the evidence is now in the hands of the SEC. It’s headed for Washington on a plane. Conrad assures Victoria that if she takes that flight it’ll be the last thing she ever does.Declan is surprised at how nice Charlotte is to him and Jaime. It’s all a ruse. Charlotte posts online pictures that reveal Jaime’s inappropriate past relationship with a teacher. The girl is devastated. Declan, on the other hand, is angry. He warns Charlotte to never speak to him again. In other news, Victoria pops by to offer her condolences to Emily about her breakup with Daniel. It’s a disingenuous gesture as evidenced by the empty box she gave to Emily as an engagement present way back when. Ouch.Emily stops by the Stowaway to see Jack. She’s shocked to learn he’s not alone. Amanda is there, and she’s pregnant. She says, “Jack and I are gonna have a baby.” Ouch again. Emily is crushed. She gives Nolan the scoop as she stares at the Infinity Box which sits in front of the fireplace. Daniel is also nursing his own wounded heart by sharing a drink with Ashley, who assures him that she’ll always have his back.Lydia and Victoria step aboard the plane for their flight to DC. A worker does some last minute checks of the aircraft. We see that the technician is actually the white-haired man. A short-time later, Charlotte sees a news report about a government-chartered jet that exploded shortly after takeoff. Victoria Grayson was reportedly onboard. A frantic Charlotte is devastated when Delcan won’t take her call. She swallows a large number of pills. Conrad can’t seem to revive his daughter when he finds her unconscious in her room.Emily sees the news report of the plane explosion. All the evidence that could have exonerated her father was on that plane. Well, not exactly. Nolan backed up the mysterious hard drive before he gave it to the SEC guy. He lets Emily know that Americon handled the cover-up after the Graysons framed her father. An old videotaped conversation between Victoria, Conrad and the white-haired man completely floors Emily. She learns that her thought-to-be-dead mother may actually be alive. Can’t wait to see what the rest of the video reveals!continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242627##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch Revenge Season 2 Full Episodes - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show When Emily Thorne arrived in the Hamptons, she appeared to be nothing more than the friendly, sophisticated "girl next door." But Emily is more than what she seems. When she was a child, her father was framed then murdered by the people he trusted most, leaving her to be consumed by loss, betrayal and rage. Since then, Emily\'s every social overture has been carefully planned to bring the opulent lives of her enemies crashing down around them. But now, having achieved her goal of taking the Graysons down, a new truth has come to light... her father is ALIVE! How will she continue when the biggest motive behind her revenge is no longer true?? continue reading S2 Ep 1 Destiny In the wake of last summer's events in the Hamptons and with the ante even higher, what will Emily's next move be? Will she be able to manage her heart and keep her emotions from getting in the way of her resolve to avenge her father? 09/30/12 Season 2 PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 2 Resurrection Emily continues to delicately weave her way back into the Graysons' lives while keeping her ties to Amanda and her unborn child. 10/07/12 Season 2 PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 3 Confidence The Graysons return to the spotlight and the center of a media storm; Emily's past continues to haunt her. 10/14/12 Season 2 PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 4 Intuition Amanda learns that playing with the Graysons is dangerous; Emily and Aiden are each caught off-guard; Daniel takes matters into his own hands. 10/21/12 Season 2 PG L,S,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 5 Forgiveness Faces from the past show up in the Hamptons, bringing with them different kinds of trouble for Emily and Victoria; Jack's sense of duty increases; Padma makes a move that could affect Nolcorp. 10/28/12 Season 2 PG L, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 6 Illusion Victoria and Conrad reaffirm their loyalty to each other; Emily and Amanda fight to keep their pasts secret as Mason Treadwell digs for information. 11/04/12 Season 2 PG L, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 7 Penance Mason Treadwell examines Emily's past; Kara's worsening state draws the attention of the Graysons. 11/11/12 Season 2 TV-PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 8 Lineage In the year 2006, Victoria is visited by her estranged mother; Emily meets Aiden during her first mission under Takeda's training; Carl Porter crosses the wrong people. 11/25/12 Season 2 TV-PG L, S, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 9 Revelations Nolan deals with a skeleton from his past; Daniel's role is challenged; Carl's christening reveals new concerns for Jack and Declan. 12/02/12 Season 2 TV-PG L, S, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 10 Power Victoria starts planning a scheme that includes Emily; Emily locks in on a new target; Declan learns something that may threaten the Stowaway's future. 01/06/13 Season 2 PG L, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 11 Sabotage Emily and Aiden execute their next attack at a fundraiser and wine auction; Victoria plans her next move; Jack, Declan and Amanda worry about the future. 01/13/13 Season 2 NR L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 12 Collusion Emily stands by Daniel as he faces his fiercest business rival; Aiden takes a dark turn; Conrad Grayson winds up in control of Amanda's future. 01/20/13 Season 2 PG D, L, S, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 13 Union Amanda and Jack's wedding stirs up emotions as Emily thinks about what might have been; Daniel faces complications at Grayson Global; Conrad starts a new chapter. 02/10/13 Season 2 PG D, L, S, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 14 Sacrifice The Graysons put on a bold showing at their annual Labor Day party; the seas prove to be deadly as Amanda and Jack sail off to their honeymoon. 02/17/13 Season 2 PG L, S, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 15 Retribution Following the devastation on The Amanda, Emily's commitment to seeking vengeance is renewed; everyone in the Hamptons mourns a loss. 03/10/13 Season 2 PG L, V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 16 Illumination Jack is suspicious when Conrad and Victoria start a charity in Amanda Clarke's name; once again, Emily's past catches up with her. 03/17/13 Season 2 PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 17 Victory As Victoria asks Amanda's foster brother for help with her charitable foundation, Emily seizes an opportunity to settle a score with someone from her past. 03/24/13 Season 2 PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 18 Masquerade Emily decides to bring Victoria's skeletons out of the closet during the Graysons' masquerade ball; Jack finds a surprising ally to help with his revenge plan; Aiden's actions yield gruesome results. 03/31/13 Season 2 PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 19 Identity Emily, Aiden and Nolan work to uncover the Fa1c0n's true identity and stop the Initiative; Emily struggles with her future; Victoria deals with issues after a revealing interview. 04/28/13 Season 2 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 20 Engagement Aiden struggles with Emily and Daniel's engagement; Jack makes a discovery; Victoria's big reveal impacts Conrad's campaign. 05/05/13 Season 2 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles REV 220 Show Clip Aiden Kills Takeda more clips S2 Ep 21 Truth, Part One A series of dangerous events has been set in motion and it all comes to a head in one catastrophic moment that will change everyone's lives forever. 05/12/13 Season 2 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles S2 Ep 22 Truth, Part Two The devastation leads to a heartbreaking death that will send shockwaves down the shoreline and force Emily to take a hard look at the truth and the path of revenge she has embarked on. 05/12/13 Season 2 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles
1009242628##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Resurrection | Season 2 Episode 2 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/08/12 Season 2 PG L A dream flashback shows a young Amanda driving along with her mom, Kara (guest star Jennifer Jason Leigh) in a late model station wagon. Emily recalled this memory after she dozed off while keeping an eye on Victoria via the clam cam. She knows the queen has a plan that involves Charlotte. That’s why Emily passes along info on the young girl’s shady sober house doctor to her big brother."He’s baaack." These are Nolan’s words when he catches sight of the white-haired man at Victoria’s hideout. He claims he’s kept the Initiative off their trails for nine weeks before turning over two fake passports—one for Victoria and one for Charlotte. He snags back the queen’s fake ID until he receives payment for his services. Speaking of providing services, Amanda wants Emily assure that her paternity test proves that Jack is the father of her child. A favor like that doesn’t come without a price.Daniel forces the slimy Dr. Morris to recant his declaration to a judge that his sister is mentally incompetent. Unfortunately, this happens after Conrad is able to get his hands on his daughter’s $600 million inheritance. Charlotte is grateful to be free, but doesn’t want to go anywhere with Daniel because he didn’t believe her when she said she was clean. Fortunately, Emily is there to give her a ride home. Only they aren’t going home. Charlotte would like to see her mother.Emily makes a pit stop on the way to Victoria’s place. She’s set up a rendezvous at the beach so Charlotte can meet up with her very pregnant sister, Amanda. The fact that she’s going to be an aunt inspires Charlotte to tell her mom that she can’t run away with her. Victoria is taken aback for a moment, but quickly regroups. She lies by telling Charlotte that she was only interested in her inheritance. Victoria is intentionally driving her away. The question is… Why?Nolan is more than a little ticked to learn that his company is being audited. An ambitious accounting analyst named Padma believes this wouldn’t have happened if he had a strong CFO. The young go-getter eventually wins over Nolan to the point where he chooses her to be his new CFO. Padma is clearly overwhelmed, but ultimately accepts the offer.Not even Ashley’s obvious charms can lure Daniel away from his work once he discovers inconsistencies in the company’s finances. Conrad is basking the afterglow of all his double dealings during an investors meeting at Grayson Global. One of the men seated at the table looks familiar to us. He’s representing Mr. Takeda. The man’s name is Aiden. He happens to be the same person Emily trained with in Japan in “Destiny.” He’s been watching her from afar for some time now.Daniel barges into the investors meeting to call out his dad. The hits just keep on coming for Conrad when he gets a call from his not-so-dead wife. Victoria promises to haunt him until his last pathetic day unless he does exactly what she says. Who says marriage is a compromise, right? Conrad shows up at the cabin with a bag full of torture devices. Victoria instructs her hubby to do something he’s probably wanted to do for a long time. She wants Conrad to beat her up. He gladly obliges.The white-haired man shows up at the cabin to find a beaten and bloodied Victoria chained to the radiator. The queen informs him that he’s the one who did this to her. At least, that’s what her story will be to all the cops headed their way. Whitey takes off into the woods just before the cavalry arrives with Conrad, who plays the part of a worried husband quite well. Emily catches the tail end of this performance on her laptop. Needless to say, she’s stunned at how brilliantly Victoria has just turned the tables. Long live the queen.Back at Grayson Manor, Daniel lets Charlotte know that he opened up a new trust account for her. He transferred everything he owns into it including his half of the inheritance. It’s his way of keeping a promise he made to their mom to be nice to her. Speaking of mom, Victoria returns home to the shock of Daniel, the incredulousness of Ashley and the amazement of Charlotte, who is privately told by her mom that this was her only play.The story is that Victoria was kidnapped by the white-haired man. Conrad had been desperately trying to accommodate ransom demands. Charlotte’s inheritance money was supposed to serve as the last payment. Heads are spinning as Conrad and Victoria spin their story so that the white-haired man takes the blame for the plane crash that killed poor Lydia Davis.Declan is invited to go yachting by a prep school study hall acquaintance named Trey Chandler. That’s not gonna happen. Dec’s too busy trying to keep the Stowaway afloat. He lets Jack know that some guy came by looking for Amanda. He didn’t leave a name. Later, Trey returns to offer Declan $500 to hold onto a diamond bracelet he swiped from his stepmom. The deal is done. In other news, Jack opens the paternity test results. They say that he’s the father. Amanda asks Emily if that’s the truth. She says that it isn’t, but that’s a lie.Emily receives a call from the white-haired man. He wants the footage from the cabin that would exonerate him. First, Emily wants some information from him. She wants to know the truth about her mother. Whitey says that testimony from Kara would have destroyed the Grayson empire. That’s something Conrad and Victoria couldn’t let happen.Flashbacks show Victoria trying to convince an institutionalized Kara that David Clarke was a terrorist. The white-haired man is also there to take her out of the hospital. The plan was to kill Kara, but Whitey says that he doesn’t always follow orders. Emily wants to know what happened to her mother, but the white-haired man is through reminiscing. He puts a knife to Emily’s throat. He’s going to kill her until… BANG! The white-haired man is shot from behind. Emily is shocked to see that the person who pulled the trigger is Aiden.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242629##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Doubt | Season 1 Episode 17 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 04/19/12 Season 1 TV-PG L,S,V Rikers Island will be Daniel Grayson’s home for the foreseeable future barring a life-threatening condition. We can see Victoria’s wheels turning. She places a call to Lee, the guy who beat up Jack in “Commitment.” Victoria wants to send a message to her son. A short time later, Daniel is severely beaten in the showers. Message received. This “life-threatening” situation convinces the judge to send Daniel home on house arrest.Victoria tries to convince Charlotte that the hooded person she saw on the beach the night Tyler was killed could have been a woman. It’s all part of her plan to set up Amanda as a suspect. Of course, she’ll settle for fingering Jack as her accomplice. Guess that’s why the sketch artist that’s been hired by the Graysons creates a pretty convincing likeness of our favorite lovesick bar owner.Emily suggests that going after Montauk’s favorite son may not be a smart move. They need a spin doctor who can help shape public opinion in their favor before the trial. Emily suggests Mason Treadwell. The guy’s been a shell of his former self ever since that fire that destroyed his beloved cabin, his typewriter and the lone copy of his memoir. Mason dusts off his snappy bow tie to accept an online blogging job for a website suitably named “The Treadwell Report.” An office is set up for him at Grayson Manor.Mason shows Jack the sketch that bears his likeness before getting tossed out of the Stowaway. Declan has vowed to look out for his big brother. That’s why he tells Mason that there was no hooded man on the beach that night. Any contradictory claims Charlotte may make are unreliable since she was mixing pills with alcohol. Declan isn’t the only one trying to protect Jack. Emily has Nolan convince him that Amanda is hiding out in Canada. It’s a way of getting him away from the Graysons for a spell.Victoria meets with Lee at a Manhattan dive bar to pay him for the beatdown he arranged for her son. Emily covertly snaps pictures of the transaction. She then follows Lee out the door. Moments later, Victoria engages in an unexpected rendezvous with another patron at the bar. His name is Dominik Wright. He’s a man from her past—from a time when she was known as Vicky Harper.The two past lovers feed a rekindled passion at Dominik’s loft which is filled with his unfinished artwork. His most impressive painting is that of a young Victoria. There’s something completely raw about the passion these two share. Victoria must eventually leave Dominik, though it’s obvious she desperately wants to stay. That’s probably why she returns later after another war of words with Conrad.As Emily breaks into Victoria’s safe at Grayson Manor, Mason Treadwell confronts Charlotte about her pill-popping the night of Tyler’s murder. He later gets an instant message while typing up his latest report. It appears to be from Amanda, who places the blame on Victoria for torching his house. Proof of this can be found in his desk drawer where his David Clarke interview tapes are found. Emily planted them there. She’s also the person on the other end of the instant message.Charlotte is furious when she learns that Declan sold her out. She breaks up with him over the phone before popping more pills. News of the latest Treadwell Report reaches the other inhabitants of Grayson Manor. Benjamin Brooks says, “Our hooded man theory has been shredded, and with it, Daniel’s entire defense.”Victoria is furious with her daughter who she now knows is on drugs. She’s also livid with Mason Treadwell, who baffles her when he mentions the tapes that were supposed to be locked in her safe. Victoria later suggests to her son that his fiancée could be the second shooter at the beach. Daniel promises his mother that if she tries to drag Emily down, he’ll confess to the entire thing.Emily dons a mild disguise to meet up with Lee in his hangout bar. She quickly gains his trust in order to record all the dirt he has on the Graysons. Emily lures Lee out to an alley. The guy thinks he’s about to get lucky. He’s not. The beating Daniel received in prison is nothing compared to the one Emily puts on Lee. Most of her fury is for what this guy did to Jack, though a few violent kicks are for Daniel. Emily makes an imprint of Lee’s car key in some putty. She then tosses the original set of keys back to her unconscious victim. As usual, it appears as though Emily Thorne has a plan.continue reading
1009242630##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Confidence | Season 2 Episode 3 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/15/12 Season 2 PG L We flashback to a time in Japan when Emily and Aiden are being pursued by some attack dogs. It’s all part of a training exercise set up by Takeda. Emily fails this particular test when she tries to help an injured Aiden. Turns out he wasn’t hurt at all. He was merely using Emily’s weakness, her compassion, to win the competition. In present day, Emily is ticked at Aiden for shooting the white-haired man. A quick search of the dead guy’s pockets lets Ems know that Whitey’s real name is Gordon Murphy. Make that was Gordon Murphy.The two former allies also find a bottle of pills, Victoria’s fake passport and a bullet-holed phone. Aiden pockets a motel room key when Emily isn’t looking. Then, when Aiden isn’t looking, Emily knocks him unconscious. He wakes up in a dumpster, but escapes before being compacted by a garbage truck. We’re pretty sure he’s not going to use the ticket to Japan Emily taped to his jacket. No, Aiden’s off to make use of that motel room key.Emily asks Nolan to hack into the white-haired man’s cell phone before heading off to meet Victoria, who realizes Daniel still has feelings for his ex-fiancée. The queen makes it clear that she wants Emily to cut off all ties with the Graysons effective immediately. She didn’t say anything about Amanda though. Emily wants her to crash Victoria’s upcoming press conference to deliver a version of one of her father’s journals to Charlotte. This will have to be kept a secret from Jack. He’s already peeved that Charlotte gave her half-sis a $5,000 gift card for the baby. Jack later thanks Emily for always having his back.Aiden finds the flight recorder to the downed plane in the motel room. He also runs into the manager of the place. We recognize this woman immediately as Emily’s mother, Kara. Aiden claims he’s a cop, but Kara doesn’t buy it. Later, Aiden mistakenly attacks Nolan until Emily breaks things up. She switches SIM cards in the white-haired man’s bullet-holed phone. Emily turns over all the contents the white-haired man had on him with the exception of a pocket watch. In exchange, Aiden will turn over the flight recorder. A flashback lets us know that these two were once a hot item until Aiden took off to get revenge on the person who took his sister.We find out a little more info on Gordon Murphy’s past. Flashing back to the day of the plane crash, we see that Victoria received a call just before takeoff. The white-haired man clued her in about the explosives so they could split Charlotte’s inheritance. Needless to say, Victoria made the deal before hoping off the plane. Gordon also had an intimate relationship with Kara. Emily knows this because he kept her picture in his pocket watch. The anti-psychotic pills she found on him belonged to her mother.Emily is supposed to steer clear of Grayson Manor, but there’s no way she’s missing the press conference. Daniel mysteriously receives a delivery of Victoria’s fake passport. Charlotte blabs to a reporter that she’s David Clarke’s daughter after Amanda delivers the journal. You’d think all this would send Victoria into a tizzy. Well, you’d be wrong. She takes center stage at the press conference where she announces to the world that Charlotte is her daughter by David Clarke and her family remains united. She also declares they also have a new addition in Charlotte’s half-sister, Amanda. This bold move has made the Graysons more powerful than ever.Declan’s shady prep school pal convinces him to break into a mansion to steal from the rich. Unfortunately, he drops his ID during the getaway. The owner of the house, a Mr. Ryan, pays Jack a visit at the Stowaway. The guy won’t press charges as long as he gets back what was taken. An appreciative Jack assures Ryan that he owes him one. There’s something about this guy that makes us think he may one day collect on that. Later, Jack lets Amanda know that he saw the press conference. He remains committed to their child, but that doesn’t mean he can commit to her.Conrad lets Victoria know that he received a call from someone in the Initiative saying that the white-haired man will no longer be a problem. They’ll be in the clear as long as they cooperate. Speaking of Gordon Murphy, Aiden lets Emily know that the guy’s old bosses at the Initiative have contacted Conrad. He also leaves her the flight recorder. Later, Emily plays a message her mom left for the white-haired man. Kara is planning to go underground. Emily is completely emotional hearing the sound of her mother’s voice. She’s also not sure how to react upon hearing her mother tell the recently-deceased Gordon Murphy that she loves him.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242631##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Justice | Season 1 Episode 18 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 04/26/12 Season 1 TV-PG L,V Jack is coming up short in his search for Amanda. That\'s because Nolan\'s been leading him on a wild goose chase to keep him out of the Grayson crosshairs. That\'s not going to be easy now that Jack is heading home. He\'s worried about Declan, who is scheduled to testify for the prosecution in Daniel\'s murder case. It\'s Day 15 of the trial and things are not looking good for the defense.Nolan is impressed to learn that Emily has planted a bug in the queen\'s castle. Victoria is overheard making plans with her personal pawn, Lee, to intimidate one of the jurors. The menacing thug makes threats on a woman\'s young son to assure an acquittal or hung jury. Victoria also recruits her daughter to help their case. Charlotte pops some pills before seductively assuring Declan that they can be together again if he just tells the truth in court.Jack has been holding onto the hoodie with the blood stains in case the prosecution goes after Amanda for Tyler\'s murder. He visits Emily after he returns to town. This has Daniel wondering what the two of them are doing behind closed doors. As for Emily, she has Nolan convince Declan that he needs to do whatever it takes to keep the Graysons from going after his brother. To protect Jack, Declan commits perjury by saying there was no one else on the beach. Anything Charlotte may say to the contrary can be chalked up to her being high.Emily has Nolan shuffle Jack away from the Stowaway so she can swipe the blood-stained hoodie. In other news, Daniel is coming unraveled thanks to his growing distrust of Emily. He finds solace in a bottle of liquor. His repeatedly ignored phone calls only fuel his suspicion, not to mention his drinking. He\'s utterly hammered as he waits for Emily. A furious Daniel violently shoves the woman he loves moments before the police storm Emily\'s place to take him back to Rikers.Charlotte\'s ex-boyfriend, Adam, provides her with more pills for her addiction. She\'s spiraling further out of control. Adam is taking full advantage of this as he and Charlotte roll around on her bed. Speaking of rolling around in bed, Victoria is still sleeping with Dominik in his loft. She reveals how she fell in love with David Clarke during her marriage of convenience. Conrad lets Dominik know that he\'s savvy to the past art forgery scams he perpetrated with a young Vicky Harper. It\'s his way of running the guy out of town.Jack is understandably freaked when he realizes his hoodie has been stolen. It\'s found a short time later by the police in the front seat of Lee\'s car. The thug is promptly arrested and sent to Rikers. Lee knows he\'s on the hook for murder. He places a call to Victoria warning her that if he goes down he\'ll take the Graysons with him. Conrad assures his wife that he\'ll clean up this mess just like he did with Dominik. Victoria is heartbroken when she sees that the only thing remaining in her lover\'s loft is the unfinished portrait of her.Daniel pens an apology letter to Emily from jail. He assures her that he\'s going to put an end to the mess he\'s created. A pair of feet is later seen dangling inside a prison cell. It\'s not Daniel. It\'s Lee. A suicide note is found near the body that contains a confession to Tyler\'s murder. It looks like all charges against Daniel Grayson will now be dropped.Emily plays a recording for Nolan. Conrad is speaking to someone, a person whose voice we\'ve never heard before. The discussion is about another David Clarke-style situation. Conrad requests that an inside job be performed on an inmate named Lee. Suddenly things have become clear. Lee didn\'t commit suicide and David Clarke wasn\'t killed in a random knife fight. Emily now knows that the Graysons murdered her father.continue reading
1009242632##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Intuition | Season 2 Episode 4 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/21/12 Season 2 PG L,S,V There’s blood on the floor of Grayson Manor. We’re not sure what’s happened yet. All we do know is that Victoria is nearby while the maid cleans up the bloody mess. She holds in her hand the blood-stained Visitor Sign-In sheet from the day she posed as Amanda Clarke’s Aunt Charlotte to get access to Kara. She also clutches an unsigned check for $100,000 made out to Amanda Clarke. The queen crumbles up both pieces of paper before tossing them into the fire. We jump back in time to find out what led up to this scene.Emily desperately wants to find her mother. Aiden warns her that she’d best be prepared for what she might learn if she tracks her down. Ems has Amanda accept an invitation to Grayson Manor. Victoria can have David Clarke’s journals in exchange for info about her mother. A conversation about this is cut short when Charlotte pops by. Victoria says the reason behind Amanda’s visit is to lay out the details for her baby shower. Emily Thorne is persona non grata at Grayson Manor, but they can’t leave the baby’s godmother off the guest list.Amanda shows up to her shower with a few old friends from the strip club. They are a great distraction while she negotiates a deal for the journals. Emily feeds her dialogue through an earpiece with an audio connection that keeps breaking up on her end. Amanda confronts Victoria about the sign-in sheet after seeing the handwriting match on her check. This leads to a heated discussion on the second floor. Victoria claims that Kara tried to kill Amanda when she was a little girl. We don’t know if Emily hears this part. When Victoria aggressively grabs the sign-in sheet, Amanda falls backward over the banister and crashes to the floor.Amanda is rushed to the hospital. She instructs Emily to have them save the baby no matter what. She also wants her to call Jack, who is dealing with the fact that Declan can’t get back the stuff they stole from Mr. Ryan. The total loss is $20,000. The hits just keep on coming for Jack when the mold guy says the Stowaway needs $40,000 of work done before it can reopen. He’ll need to figure something out later, as Jack gets a call from Emily about Amanda. He’s off to the hospital. Ryan stays behind to make a call of his own to Declan’s shady prep school pal. The two are in cahoots in a plot to get the Stowaway.Aiden swings by the hotel to try to make Kara believe he’s a deep cover officer with the FBI, just like the white-haired man, Gordon Murphy. He believes he gains her trust when she turns over a portable hard drive. He’s wrong. ZAP! Kara neutralizes Aiden with a stun gun. She ties him up in a chair because she believes he is either working for the Graysons or the Initiative. Kara also reveals that she and the white-haired man were married before bolting out the door.Conrad believes his son may be plotting against him, so he asks Ashley to keep an eye on him. Daniel is, indeed, diving into his dad’s financial double-dealings. He has a plan to bring Conrad down. He also knows Ashley is working for dear old dad. That’s why he’s pleased to see that her loyalties seem to be shifting to him. As for Conrad, he meets with an intimidating lady from the Initiative who seems skeptical that the white-haired man went rogue on them. Victoria later lets her hubby know that the seriously hurt Amanda Clarke is very close to finding out she hand-delivered Kara to Gordon Murphy.Nolan learns that his father passed away three weeks ago. They weren’t close. Padma swipes the storage unit key that was sent over by the estate attorney for Papa Ross. She finds a scrapbook Nolan’s dad kept of all his son’s accomplishments. She knows from past experience that regrets suck. Nolan gets extremely emotional paging through the book. He has Padma take him to the storage unit where the two of them engage in the beginnings of a more than professional relationship.Kara hears on the car radio that Amanda Clarke has been rushed to the hospital. Jack is devastated when he learns Amanda had to be put into a coma, but at least the baby is okay. Declan comforts both his brother and an equally-distraught Charlotte. Emily is also dealing with a tsunami of emotions. She looks in on Amanda to see a woman by the side of her bed. It’s Kara. It’s her mother. She doesn’t get the voicemail message Aiden leaves for her after he breaks free from his bindings. She doesn’t hear him say that her mom is dangerous.We flashback to see Kara holding a young Amanda in her arms in the ocean. A panicked David Clarke is heard screaming in the distance. Kara tells Amanda that they are going to play a game. In reality, she desperately tries to drown her own daughter. In the present, Emily ducks away from the room before Kara sees her. She’s crying in the dark of her home when Aiden arrives. He holds her close as the tears continue to flow.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242633##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Illusion | Season 2 Episode 6 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/05/12 Season 2 PG L, V It’s Victoria Grayson’s big day. She’s getting married to a man who already happens to be her husband. Conrad gives his beautiful bride a gift before the ceremony. It’s a lovely little gun. The queen can use it should her king ever not be around to protect her. Of course, Conrad feels they are destined to be together forever. Victoria somewhat agrees. Her feeling is they’ll at least be with each other until death does them part. They’re such a fun couple.Emily provides Amanda with proof that she had a scar removed years ago. This is to throw the perpetually bow-tied Mason Treadwell off her trail. Emily also has plans to send him down a new road that will lead him right to the Graysons. She enlists Aiden’s help to move the white-haired man’s body from its frozen storage spot. In a quid pro quo deal, Ems will be attending the big Grayson wedding as Aiden’s date. As for Mason Treadwell, he takes the bait that’s laid out for him and begins a search for the white-haired man.Daniel learns that David Clarke’s employment contract was seized by the government, so Ashley suggests inviting Nolan to the wedding to see what he knows. One person who won’t be attending the ceremony is Kara, who finds it hard to believe that the man she loved could have been as evil as Victoria claims him to be. She intends to spend the day with her daughter and new grandson. Her real daughter (that would be Emily) catches Kara doing a little drawing on the beach. It’s something the two of them used to do when she was a little girl.Mason tracks down Gordon Murphy’s dead body in a trailer. There’s a monogrammed cufflink on the ground that belongs to Conrad, who is busy getting married again. He has no idea the police are searching Grayson Manor during the exact moment his wife is walking down the aisle. The gun that killed Gordon Murphy is found in the trunk of his car. At the reception, Emily shares a dance with Daniel. This wedding could have been for them a year ago. Daniel wonders about this sometimes. It’s obvious he still has feelings for Emily.The police crash the wedding to arrest Conrad in front of all his guests. Needless to say, the party is over. While waiting for the car, Nolan lets Padma know that she poked a rather large hornet’s nest when she inquired about David Clarke’s employment contract. He wants to know how far she’s willing to go to make sure they don’t get stung. As for Conrad, he suspects the Initiative is behind his sudden incarceration. That’s why he’ll agree to do whatever they ask in the future once they secure his release. Truth be told, Emily is the real culprit behind his frame job.One of Jack’s longtime distributors lets the Porter boys know that their father would be ashamed of the company they’ve been keeping. He’s speaking of Jack’s new Stowaway partner, Kenny Ryan. The guy oozes sketchy. Still, there’s no way the Stowaway could have its grand reopening without him. Charlotte skips her parents’ wedding to help Declan prep for the big day. The Stowaway is packed when it finally opens its doors. Jack makes a brief speech where gives special thanks to Kenny Ryan, who seems genuinely moved by the gesture. Later, Declan skips off to comfort Charlotte after her dad’s arrest. They rekindle their past romance.Kara sees the photo of the man Conrad is accused of killing on the news. She now knows her husband is dead. Victoria can see the loss in her eyes. She immediately gets uneasy as her houseguest approaches her on the balcony before ultimately wishing her goodnight. In another part of Grayson Manor, Daniel makes plans to have a vote of “no confidence” to have his father removed as head of Grayson Global. This is before he knew Conrad was already out of jail.After a successful opening night, Jack makes a very sweet marriage proposal to Amanda, who happily accepts. Things look like they are also getting romantic between Aiden and Emily, who ultimately asks her former lover to leave. In other news, the Conrad frame job was supposed to satisfy Mason’s snooping urges, but the bow-tied one has a renewed interest in Emily after Victoria mentions she served time as a kid. We suspect Mason will make a follow-up call to Allenwood Juvenile Detention Center after having had more time to study his big investigation board of Hamptonites where all roads appear to lead back to Emily Thorne.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242634##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Forgiveness | Season 2 Episode 5 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/28/12 Season 2 PG L, V We flashback to see that David Clarke saved his daughter the day Kara tried to drown her. Emily now knows why her father lied. As always, he was trying to protect her. She also learns that her mom was married to Gordon Murphy. Emily snaps back into revenge mode by ordering Aiden to use his position as Takeda’s proxy to destabilize Grayson Global. He happens to be meeting with Daniel when Ashley informs him that an outside request has come in for David Clarke’s employment contract. But who made the query?Daniel learns that Nolan’s new CFO is the person who has been asking about David Clarke. Aiden eavesdrops as Padma explains that she wants to know that a terrorist wasn’t handling the NolCorp account when they initially invested. Makes sense, right? Wrong. Daniel knows Nolan didn’t do business with Grayson Global until Tyler tried to land the company long after the David Clarke trial.Emily feels terrible that she wasn’t there for Nolan when his father died. The two of them are together when news comes in that Amanda is out of her coma. Mother and son (the baby’s name is Carl, by the way) meet for the first time with proud papa Jack by their side. Emily watches this new family from outside the hospital room. She recalls the time she was in a recovery room after the attempted drowning. Her dad told her that her mother was gone. It was a difficult thing for a little girl to hear. In the present, Emily offers to let the new mom stay at her place for awhile. She also lets Amanda know that her own mother is back in the picture.Victoria is shocked when Kara Clarke walks through her front door. The queen insists she stay at her place while she processes everything. As for Kara, she’s still trying to find out what happened to her hubby, Gordon Murphy (aka the white-haired man). She rushes over to the hospital when she hears Amanda is awake. It’s during this visit that Emily has the first conversation she’s had with her mom in a long, long time. Their chat is cut short by a surprise visitor. The ever-smarmy, always bow-tied Mason Treadwell is back. He’s very interested in chatting with the once-thought-dead Kara Clarke.After shooing Mason away, Emily offers to give Kara a ride home. They talk about the past. Kara says that David Clarke was her high school sweetheart, but only her first love. Back home, Emily knows Nolan could be in trouble once he learns Padma was asking about her father’s employment record. This doesn’t concern Aiden, who is ticked to learn that Emily kept Gordon Murphy’s cell phone from him. It rings when Kara tries to call her dead hubby.Aiden assures Ems that he makes a far better partner than enemy. This may be true. Aiden lets Daniel know that David Clarke’s exclusivity contract with Grayson Global means the company has a controlling interest in NolCorp. As for Nolan, a phone call from Emily lets him know that Padma has been digging into things behind his back. It kind of puts a damper on their romantic dinner on the beach.Emily wants Amanda to tell Kara that she needs to leave. She relays the story of how her mom tried to kill her. Kara tearfully apologizes to Amanda for everything that’s happened. A choked up Emily listens from just outside the doorway. It’s a heartfelt, heartbreaking moment when Kara admits that she thought it would be best to have her daughter believe she was dead. Amanda ends up forgiving her. Emily says it was the right thing to do. She then tells Amanda the truth about baby Carl. Jack truly is the little guy’s real father.Charlotte’s visit to return Declan’s jacket is cut short when Kenny Ryan shows up offering some help to get the Stowaway up and running again. Jack believes the guy is a businessman who just wants to get his money back. A short time later, the Stowaway is cleared to open. Mr. Ryan then lets Jack know that he’s interested in buying the place. Declan’s debt to him will be wiped clean if they can make a deal. Jack is willing to talk about this.Victoria is worried the Initiative will come after them now that Kara is back. Conrad’s solution to this dilemma is that they get married again because, as husband and wife, they can never be compelled to testify against each other in a court of law. This puts a smile on the queen’s face. Out on the beach, Emily is startled when Kara steps up beside her. She lets her know that she believes Amanda wants to forgive her. After all, forgiveness has the power to wipe the slate clean. This may not be possible now that the snooping Mason Treadwell believes the new mom who claims to be Amanda Clarke is not who she says she is.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242635##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Lineage | Season 2 Episode 8 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/26/12 Season 2 TV-PG L, S, V It’s November of 2006. Emily enters a busy New York nightclub where Aiden is tending bar. The two of them meet here for the very first time. Emily is looking for someone named Sergei though she doesn’t approach the guy. Instead, she makes contact with a nervous Ashley Davenport. This is the first time Emily meets her as well. Ashley is there trying to make money by selling herself to Sergei’s flesh-peddling boss, Dmitri. A wad of cash from Emily convinces her to abandon her plan. All Ashley needs to do is reveal Dmitri’s time of arrival. As a reward for her assistance, Ashley later scores a plum job in the art world.Takeda is in town orchestrating Emily’s current mission, which outwardly has nothing to do with his student’s own plans for revenge. A young girl named Colleen was kidnapped by Dmitri in 1993. She was never heard from again. Takeda wants access to her abductor. Emily says she’s at the club as a replacement for her sick roommate, Ashley. Aiden warns that she shouldn’t be there. That’s because he plans to kill the man who took his sister, Colleen. Emily tackles Aiden before he can shoot Dmitri. Takeda orders the mission to be aborted. That’s not gonna happen.Emily is captured during a failed rescue attempt of Aiden. Dmitri’s men escort them through the crowded nightclub. Takeda is there to take down several of the thugs. Emily handles the rest. Aiden takes off after a fleeing Dmitri. He shoots him in the leg in the middle of an empty street. Emily begs him to not finish the job, as it won’t bring back Colleen. But Aiden’s rage overcomes him when Dmitri laughs at his sister’s fate. BANG! BANG! BANG! Aiden shoots Dmitri dead. Takeda orders Emily to take him away while he cleans up this mess. This is how Aiden first embarked on his training for more revenge.Guess who’s coming to dinner at Grayson Manor for Thanksgiving 2006. That would be the Victoria’s estranged mother—Marion (guest star Adrienne Barbeau). Daniel arranged to have his mom’s mom come celebrate the holiday in an attempt to mend fences. Marion’s latest wealthy male companion, Mr. Greevy, will be her dinner date. They met through a fortuitous turn of events on a cruise. Flashbacks show that Marion has a history of trying to find men who can serve as her meal ticket. She also has a history of trying to keep the focus on her instead of her beautiful daughter.Dinner turns awkward fast when Victoria brings up the story of the last Thanksgiving she spent with dear old mom. Gunshots rang out as Marion killed a man who was threatening to break up with her. She convinced her 15-year-old daughter to take the fall for her crime. After a six-month stay in a hospital for psychiatric observation, Victoria returned home to find her mom already with a new man. Marion kicked her out to the streets after catching her latest meal ticket sneaking into her daughter’s bedroom. Mr. Greevy doesn’t want to stay for dessert after this story. He only wants to get away from Marion.Victoria lets her mother know that she deserves all that’s happening after choosing a pedophile over her own daughter all those years ago. Marion asks for pity, but that’s not a quality Victoria’s mother ever taught her. We learn that the entire evening was a setup. Mr. Greevy was a paid actor hired by Victoria and Conrad. He was the leading man in the orchestration of Marion’s demise. You know what they say… Revenge and leftover turkey are Thanksgiving dishes best served cold. In other news, Daniel was considering a career in creative writing back in 2006. That’s something Conrad was never going to let that happen. He’s always wanted his son to one day take over Grayson Global.For Nolan Ross, November of 2006 is the historic time when NolCorp went public. He thanks his CFO, Marco, for being instrumental in this successful turn of events. He also happens to be Nolan’s boyfriend. Marco learns that a half a billion dollars is missing from an account he set up in the Cayman Islands. Nolan promises his CFO that he didn’t embezzle it. He admits the account was set up for the daughter of David Clarke. This is too much for Marco to handle. He and Nolan dissolve all ties, both business and personal.Jack’s dad, Carl, is told that Thanksgiving 2006 is the day some unscrupulous characters plan to send a nasty message to local business owners who refuse to cough up payoff money. Jack realizes what’s happening when a Molotov cocktail is tossed through the window of the Stowaway. Carl stands up to, Joe, the man trying to extort money from him with the backing of other local business owners, like his friend, Matt. Fearing for the safety of his boys, Carl changes his mind and gives Joe the payoff money. BANG! BANG! BANG! Matt shoots Joe dead. It’s payback after the thug put his daughter in the emergency room earlier. He used Carl’s gun to commit the murder.We see how the events of 2006 affected all that’s happening in the present day. Emily is in bed with Aiden, who promises to not disappear on her again. Kenny Ryan lets Declan know that his father used to call Blue Label liquor “rich man’s candy.” This is significant because that’s the phrase Joe used during a conversation with Carl. Kenny Ryan is the dead thug’s son. Victoria and Conrad plot to stop Daniel from taking over the company, which is the opposite of what was desired in 2006. Speaking of Daniel, he tracks down Marco to say he has a business proposition for him regarding NolCorp. Finally, Emily lets Aiden take a peek inside the Infinity Box. This is something she would have been unable to predict during that less-than-happy Thanksgiving of 2006.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242636##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Penance | Season 2 Episode 7 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/12/12 Season 2 TV-PG L The bow-tied one, Mason Treadwell, stops by to see Emily to float a theory that she and Amanda were lovers back in their juvenile detention days. He believes he has a future best-seller in this tawdry tale of two vengeance-seeking blondes who tried to take down the Graysons. It does sound like good read. Amanda wants to take care of Mason “her way.” Emily convinces her to simply threaten him with a restraining order. She’s also trying to process the newsflash that Amanda is now engaged to Jack.There’s an investors meeting taking place at Grayson Manor. Emily wants Aiden there to help position Daniel to take over the company. She also believes a member of the Initiative will be in attendance. Nolan gives Aiden the check that proves David Clarke invested in NolCorp while he was with Grayson Global. This could mean the end of everything he created. It’s worth it if it will protect Emily. Nolan lets Aiden know that if he ever hurts his revenge-y friend again, he’ll pay dearly. He later finds solace in the fact that Padma will stick with him no matter what.Kara is headed out of the Hamptons. Victoria catches Daniel questioning her about David Clarke before she hits the road. Their conversation is cut short when Emily stops by with a wedding gift for Victoria. Ashley can see that her boyfriend still has feelings for his ex. As for Victoria, she believes that if she and Conrad are going down, they should take the Initiative with them. Speaking of the Initiative, the representative they send to the investors meeting is the same woman we’ve seen Conrad chatting with in the past. Her name: Helen Crowley.When Mason shows up at the Stowaway, Amanda has had enough of this guy. She lures him away from Jack and the baby. They head over to Mason’s place, where Amanda convinces him that Emily is her sociopathic socialite stalker. Try saying that three times fast. Emily is clued in to their secret meeting. She rushes in to stop Amanda from bashing in Mason’s skull. Emily then lets Mason know that he was so close to finding out the truth. The only thing he couldn’t figure out is that she is the real Amanda Clarke.Emily gives Mason a chance to make amends for the lies he told about her father. He’s to meet with Kara, who ditched her plans to skip out of town. Mason lets her know that she should honor Gordon Murphy’s wishes by going somewhere safe. Then he goes off script by revealing how her first love, David Clarke, was framed by some very powerful people. This has Kara making a beeline to Grayson Manor. Emily knows she’s out for blood. As for Mason, he returns home to find Detective Gunther searching the place. With Nolan’s help, Emily has set him up to take the fall for Gordon Murphy’s murder and the conspiracy to kill Conrad Grayson.As Conrad speaks to a number of his investors, Daniel assembles a few heavy hitters to drop the news that Grayson Global has a stake in NolCorp. He asks them to give a vote of “no confidence” for his father so that he may become the new CEO. He has Helen Crowley’s vote for sure. Others also look to be jumping onboard. Victoria races to tell Conrad about all that’s happening. Unfortunately, he’s busy dealing with even more bad news. Kara is holding him at gunpoint in the bedroom. Now she has Victoria, too.Kara wants a confession as to what they did to David. Conrad does his best to explain things while Victoria does her best to retrieve a gun from her purse. Too bad Kara already swiped the pistol. Emily is able to get hold of Aiden to give him the scoop on what’s happening. She disables all of the security cameras. Aiden races to find Kara, who orders her hostages to get down on their knees in execution positions. Conrad and Victoria hold hands fearing this is the end. They have no idea that Aiden has quietly entered the room, knocked out Kara with chloroform and pulled her away.When Kara regains consciousness, she seems to buy the story Aiden and Emily lay on her to get her to leave town for her own safety. She asks that Ems tell Amanda that she wishes she could have been a better mother. A tender flashback shows us that Kara really wasn’t all that bad in the mom department. Emily then meets up with Mason in lockup. She convinces him to admit to a bunch of crimes he didn’t commit to avoid a trial. While he’s in prison, he’s to write the truth about her entire revenge-filled tale. Once the story is complete, she’ll get him out of prison. A deal is struck.Nate Ryan is Kenny Ryan’s little brother. He alludes to some big plans for the businesses along the docks—one of those possibly being the Stowaway. The guy is indifferent to his big bro’s belief that the Porter boys are decent fellows. As for Jack, he’s comforted by the fact that Amanda is willing to forgo the big wedding she’s always dreamed of. All she needs is him and their baby. In other news, Emily returns home to find Aiden waiting on her porch. She asks him to stay with him before kissing him passionately under the night sky.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242637##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Union | Season 2 Episode 13 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 02/11/13 Season 2 PG D, L, S, V A long time ago, a young Amanda Clarke had a pretend wedding on the beach with her first true love. Her handsome groom was a young Jack Porter. She made rings made out of pipe cleaners to mark the happy occasion. In the present day, Amanda Clarke is preparing for her real wedding to the current love of her life: Jack Porter. What the prospective groom doesn’t know is that person he exchanged vows with on the beach isn’t the same girl he’s marrying. That Amanda Clarke is now known as Emily Thorne.Nolan determines that the video of Aiden’s sister dying from an overdose was made six years ago. There was nothing anyone could have done to stop it. The video was shot in a condemned apartment building in Jersey City. Emily tracks Aiden to the building offering to help, but a call from Nolan stops them cold. Colleen is buried in a field 20 miles from where they are. Aiden visits his sister’s grave. He vows to kill whoever did this, but Emily says that’s not the way to honor Colleen. Aiden doesn’t want to hear this. He leaves Emily standing alone in the field.When Emily learns that Jack partnered with Conrad Grayson to save the Stowaway, she wants Amanda to convince him to get out of the deal. She cuts a check that’ll cover the capital Conrad laid out plus interest. After some prodding, a clean-shaven Jack accepts the check but Conrad doesn’t bite. He reveals his plans to turn the Montauk waterfront into a casino-heavy hot spot. He promises to squash Jack in the process. When Amanda learns about this, she shows Conrad an incriminating video that she’ll make public if he doesn’t relinquish his share of the Stowaway. Conrad realizes that this is the person who has been making his life so difficult.Conrad lets Jack know that he changed his mind regarding his plans for the Stowaway. Nate Ryan isn’t very happy to hear about this. He wants to know if the deal would be back on if the Porter boys were out of the picture. In happier news, Nolan presides over a beach wedding that’s been a long time coming. Emily gives Amanda the pipe cleaner ring she made for Jack when they were kids. Jack Porter and Amanda Clarke finally exchange their real vows in a moving moment that brings tears of anguish to Emily’s eyes.Victoria realizes that the Initiative is manipulating her son to be a pawn in whatever evil scheme they are currently hatching. She recalls how she turned her back on a desperate David Clarke when he had no one else to turn to. Victoria asks Conrad for a copy of every document detailing transactions he made for the Initiative to convince Daniel he’s in danger. Her plan works. She lays out how the Initiative was behind the downing of Flight 197. Daniel finally believes her. He’ll play along with his mother’s plan to neutralize the problem. It’s a plan that’s overheard by Helen Crowley who watches the scene from afar thanks to a hidden camera.Fearing for the safety of those he cares about, Daniel lets Emily know that he doesn’t think they should rekindle their relationship. In truth, he’s the only one in danger at the moment. Helen Crowley lets Victoria know that she’s replaced her son’s regular driver with someone who will do her bidding. She wants the evidence. What Helen soon realizes is that the queen knew the Initiative was watching. It was all part of Victoria’s plan to lure Helen to her pool house where she pulls out a gun. Helen doesn’t believe Victoria can truly kill a person in cold blood. BANG! Helen was wrong.The Initiative used Aiden’s sister as leverage to get her baggage handler dad to load the bomb onto Flight 197 at Heathrow. Nolan wonders if they are pulling a similar scheme on Padma. Against Emily’s advice, he tips his hand. Nolan lets Padma know that he’s onto her, but doesn’t know why she did what she did. They sneak out of the office knowing that it’s bugged. Padma reveals that the Initiative was holding her father until she found the Carrion code. Fortunately, Nolan gave her an incomplete version of it.Aiden apologizes to Emily and vows to make the Initiative pay on their terms. In other news, Victoria summons Daniel to the pool house. The two of them are standing over Helen’s dead body when Conrad arrives wanting to spill the news about Amanda Clarke. Speaking of Amanda, Jack ropes Declan into watching baby Carl so he can sail off to Nantucket for some alone time with his new wife. The two honeymooners are very happy together on the open seas. They have no idea that Nate Ryan has cut their radio wire in what appears to be the groundwork of something more diabolical to come.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242638##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Power | Season 2 Episode 10 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/07/13 Season 2 PG L, V Hey, won\'t you play, another somebody done Emily Thorne wrong song. This time it\'s Judge Robert Barnes, who is just a few weeks away from a Supreme Court nomination. He and his wife, Patricia, are spending the weekend at Grayson Manor before an annual benefit. Judge Barnes once dismissed the only juror who believed David Clarke may have been innocent during his trial. The courtroom clerk, James Palmer, knew the judge did so because of his ties to the Graysons. Emily believes the clerk wrote an unsigned letter to her father letting him know of the conspiracy. Palmer ended up dead a few days later.Emily hopes to trip up the judge into revealing something, so it’s fortunate that she forms an alliance with Victoria to persuade Daniel to give up his interests in the family company. She stages a bogus break-up with Aiden (Nolan calls it a fake-up) for the benefit of her ex. Victoria convinces Daniel to attend a dinner at the house with Judge Barnes and his wife after letting him know that a suddenly single Emily will also be in attendance. Sounds like all the makings of a fun, truly awkward dinner date.Judge Barnes and Patricia get a bit uneasy when Emily mentions that James Palmer was her law professor. Things get even more intense when the David Clarke trial comes up in conversation. Patricia excuses herself from the table. The next day, Emily learns that the judge’s wife has a history of injuries. She was also friends with James Palmer. Emily now believes she wrote the unsigned letter. After James was killed, she was likely afraid of suffering the wrath of her hubby judge if she said anything.The night of the benefit arrives, but organizer Patricia Barnes is not up for making any speeches. Emily knows it’s because she’s been beaten by her husband. She lets Patricia know that the letter she wrote gave a young Amanda Clarke the hope she needed to survive. When the time comes for the speeches, Patricia bravely steps out of her husband’s shadow to expose his past and present evildoings. She shows the audience the bruises all across her body to prove her point. It looks like Judge Barnes won’t be headed to the Supreme Court after all.Daniel is encouraged by Helen Crowley to dig deeper into the many secrets that still may be found inside Grayson Global. Nolan follows the request of his new boss to hack into the company’s computer system to look for rogue files. He turns over a surveillance video to Aiden, who calls a number that connects him with that truly scary Crowley lady. A meeting is set. Aiden learns that his sister may still be alive. Helen lets him know that he’ll never see her again if he mentions their meeting to anyone. She’ll be in touch.Jack presents Amanda with a necklace made of their sea glass. He figures she could wear it to their wedding. Of course, he also has other things on his mind thanks to his new partners, the ever-shady Ryan brothers. Declan persuades Charlotte to keep Nate and Kenny busy while he snoops around the supply room. He finds drugs stashed into a big bag of coffee beans he spills on the floor. Dec cleans up the mess, but Nate knows something is up when he steps on a stray bean. Crunch!Jack contacts a cop he went to school with back in the day to ask him to raid the Stowaway. He sends Amanda and the baby off to stay with Emily while he executes his plan. The cops raid the bar, but no drugs are found inside the bean bags. A short time later, the police stage another raid. This time drugs are found stashed on the boat. Declan is about to be arrested until his big brother steps up to take the fall for him. Jack is tossed in jail. Kenny seems genuinely sorry that all this happened, but Nate warns that it’s probably best for Dec to fall in line before things get worse.Marco tries to make amends with Nolan. He wants a chance to start over. He promises to wait for Nolan for as long as it takes. He also presents him with a memory stick containing the most powerful piece of programming he’s ever seen. It could prove to be a useful weapon against his enemies. Regarding the hack job Nolan did for Daniel, Helen Crowley orchestrated this scavenger hunt to find even more secrets about NolCorp.As Emily crosses Judge Barnes off her revenge list, she sees that Daniel is at her front door. The two of them share a kiss on the front porch. Victoria watches approvingly from her balcony, while Aiden is less-than-pleased to see what’s happening from inside the house. When Emily steps back inside, Aiden is gone.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242639##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Collusion | Season 2 Episode 12 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/21/13 Season 2 PG D, L, S, V Never has the phrase “torn between two lovers” seem more fitting than it does in the case of Emily Thorne. She dreams of making love with Aiden. The fantasy then becomes one in which Daniel is her co-star. Emily awakens to meet with Aiden on the beach. She assures him that they’ll find his sister if she is, indeed, alive. The video Helen Crowley shows to Aiden offers proof that Colleen is not dead. He wants to know he needs to do to get her back. The answer is simple. Helen says, “Kill Victoria Grayson.”Daniel whisks Emily off to L.A. to help him woo the head of Stonehaven United Solutions. Donna Carlisle hopes that whoever takes over the company her father started will continue his dream of providing privatized disaster relief. Daniel makes great strides in convincing her he’s the man to keep the dream alive. He has competition in Jason Prosser. Victoria flew to Los Angeles to make sure her son’s main competitor wins the day. She’s not the only one who hopped a flight to the left coast. Emily is stunned to see that Aiden is there, too.Aiden wants to get proof of Victoria’s meddling in the Initiative’s plans. Emily convinces him to trick Jason Prosser into bailing on the deal. That doesn’t last long. Victoria learns of this new development. She wants Jason to jump back in on the deal. As for Prosser, there’s only one thing he wants. Victoria says, “Do what I ask and I’m yours.” She closes the blinds on his hotel room so the two of them can seal their own personal deal. It’s a good thing the queen wanted some privacy since Aiden was staring at her across the way through the scope of a rifle.Daniel is bummed to learn that Prosser is back in the game. He’ll need to win over Donna Carlisle during dinner. Emily asks Nolan to follow Daniel’s request to dig up dirt on Jason Prosser. She also wants him to track down Aiden. As for the dinner, Jason Prosser seems to be winning the battle until Daniel offers up proof that his competition is less than worthy of the company. Advantage: Grayson. Emily excuses herself from the table once she learns that Aiden is planning to kill Victoria. She stops him just before he pulls the trigger. Emily convinces him that they’ll find his sister on their terms, not the Initiative’s.While meeting with Conrad, Amanda reveals that Matt Duncan is the person who killed Nate and Kenny Ryan’s father. Jack doesn’t want to blow the whistle on his father’s old friend. He pleads with Matt to turn himself in. That’s not gonna happen. A short time later, Conrad shows up at the Stowaway with a signed confession from Matt Duncan. He also writes Kenny a check for $50,000 so he’ll sign the bar back to Jack. The deal is done. Nate is not happy about this. He has a chat with Conrad, who suddenly seems interested his plan to develop the docks through muscle not money.When Nolan catches Padma rifling through his desk, she covers herself by saying she was hiding a keychain she bought for him. It holds a statuette of a deity who will keep him safe in whatever new home he finally decides to reside. Padma slips up when she mentions that she knows Carrion is a computer program. Emily realizes that her interest in a program that could knock out all the power in Manhattan along with Daniel’s purchase of a disaster recovery firm can’t be a coincidence. She advises Nolan to play Padma like she’s been playing him. That’s why he lets her find a flash drive that says “Welcome to Carrion” when it’s opened. A trap has been set.Amanda gives Charlotte a handprint of Carl as a present for her 18th birthday. The party fun continues when Conrad, Victoria and Daniel throw her a belated celebration. Charlotte has only one birthday wish this year. She wants her family to honor her desire to legally change her name to Charlotte Clarke. Emily can’t help but let out a little smile when she hears this. She later comes clean to Daniel that she was in cahoots with Victoria initially. This isn’t exactly a shock to Danny boy. When Emily returns home, an angry Aiden shows her a video of what looks to be his sister overdosing. He lets Emily know that if she’s truly dead then it’s all her fault.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242640##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Revelations | Season 2 Episode 9 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 12/03/12 Season 2 TV-PG L, S, V Salvador Grobet is a Brazilian businessman who married into his fortune. He’s also a highly-influential member of Grayson Global’s Board of Directors. His vote will determine whether or not Conrad remains CEO after Daniel’s call for “no confidence.” Emily Thorne would like to see her ex take control of the company so Aiden can have a seat next to him on the board. It’s her best shot at getting access to the Initiative. Speaking of that mysterious power group, the always menacing Helen Crowley tells Conrad and Victoria that she will remove Daniel from the equation permanently should they attempt to alert him about their special relationship.Daniel wants 51% of NolCorp. He expects to achieve this goal by using the company’s former CFO, Marco Romero. This guy knows about a $500 million offshore account that was mysteriously drained a week before NolCorp went public. Nolan has no choice but to agree to the deal. On the bright side, Marco doesn’t reveal that the money was for Amanda Clarke. As for Daniel, he is making all the right moves to take over the family biz. He’s also listening to Ashley, who tells him to not be so quick to trust Aiden.Emily realizes she needs to turn Daniel against Ashley. Fortunately, she has a video of Ashley having sex with Conrad. She sends it over to Victoria, who is furious with her hubby. The queen says, “You have wormed your way into the very nadir of repugnance.” That can’t be healthy. Anyway, Conrad persuades his wife to focus on the larger issue. They need to save Daniel from falling into the hands of the Initiative. This is why Victoria shows the video to Ashley, who will do whatever it takes to make this right. This includes sleeping with Salvador Grobet to win his vote for Conrad.Aiden asks Daniel to meet him at the Cooper’s Neck Inn. He wants to know why his loyalty is suddenly being questioned when his girlfriend is currently upstairs in a hotel room with another man. A furious Daniel clicks a pic of Ashley and Grobet in fluffy, matching bathrobes. He threatens to send the snapshot to the businessman’s wife unless he gets his vote. As for Ashley, she’s devastated. She’s also no longer welcome at Grayson Manor. Daniel deletes her picture off his laptop. That’s fine. He still has plenty of other photos of him and Emily in happier times to fill his screen saver.Conrad and Victoria make one last plea to convince Daniel to step back. They stop short of telling him the truth, as that would be like signing his death warrant. When all is said and done, Daniel is named the new head of Grayson Global. He promptly lets Aiden know that there’s no room for him on the board. Speaking of board jobs, Marco wants his old job back at NolCorp. Padma is shocked that Nolan is even considering such a thing. The move could be part of a contingency plan. Nolan believes the best way to destroy a castle is from inside its walls. When he’s finished, he believes Daniel Grayson won’t know what hit him.Jack sifts through his dad’s address book to invite some old friends to baby Carl’s christening. He also asks his new business partners, Kenny and Nate, to attend. Godmother Emily promises to shield her godson from evil. That may be a tall order since evil appears to be in the back of the church in the form of the Ryan brothers. They are keenly interested in one of the christening guests. Matt Duncan, an old friend of Jack’s dad, is crashing the party, as he’s in town from Florida. He’s the man who shot Joe Ryan dead with Carl Porter’s gun. Matt lets Jack know that the Ryan brothers are bad news, but doesn’t tell him why.The next day, Matt is confronted by Kenny and Nate at the docks. Jack receives a call from Nolan giving him the truly frightening 411 on the Ryan boys. Moments later, Charlotte screams that someone has been hurt outside. It’s Matt. Declan found him beaten and bloody. Matt is able to let Jack know that he killed Joe Ryan. The dead man’s sons think Carl killed him since his gun served as the murder weapon. Later, Kenny and Nate let Jack know they found his dad’s address book. Inside the book, Matt Duncan’s name and East Hamptons address are crossed out. Jack strips away some floor panels inside his boat to find the gun used to kill Joe Ryan. Not good.Emily wonders aloud if it’s possible for people like her to be happy. Aiden says that being with her is the only time he’s ever truly been at peace. The two of them cuddle up by the fire. A short time later, Emily’s phone rings. It’s Victoria. She would like the two of them to have a chat about her son. Speaking of Daniel, he gazes at the clock in his office, which also happens to be a camera set up by the Initiative. There’s a note beside the clock that reads “Welcome to the fold.” As for Emily, she believes the phone call she received from Victoria has given her something she wasn’t expecting—leverage.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242641##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Illumination | Season 2 Episode 16 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/18/13 Season 2 PG L When she was a little girl, Amanda Clarke’s father, David, used to read her a story about a match that was used to strike up a flame. Playing with fire is something Amanda did while in foster care. Her foster brother, Eli James, used to protect her so that she wouldn’t get in trouble for playing with matches. Amanda promised that she wouldn’t let anything separate them. That changed when she burned down their house. In the present day, Emily reveals to Aiden the news about her foster brother showing up at the cemetery. She hasn’t seen him in 14 years. She can’t help but wonder why he’s returned and what he wants.Victoria and Conrad are starting up a foundation in Amanda Clarke’s name. Jack is onboard with this plan. Emily, too. She offers her services to be a co-chair. Victoria will take this under advisement. At the moment, she’s busy entertaining Amanda’s foster brother, who notices the double infinity tattoo on Emily’s arm. The queen invites Eli James to the inaugural event. As for Emily, she wants to get to the Stowaway to have a chat with Jack. Too bad Eli gets there first. He knows her true identity. Emily offers him money to leave town. She also says she can wipe away his criminal past.Conrad wants to put Aiden on the board of Grayson Global as his successor. He’s setting him up to be a future fall guy. Daniel is having a crisis of faith about all this. He nearly gets into a bar fight until Aiden stops him from going down a bad path. Conrad observes this scene from afar. He invites Aiden to the inaugural event for the Amanda Clark Foundation. Jack will be in attendance, too. But first he tracks down the owner of the boat that was used to save him the night of the explosion at sea. He learns that the person who rescued him fits the description of Nolan.At the charity event, Nolan blows away Eli’s criminal record with the press of a button. Emily then presents her former foster brother with a cashier’s check for $100,000. Eli pockets the check but isn’t ready to leave the party just yet. He’s busy schmoozing and spending time with Charlotte. Declan isn’t too thrilled about the latter. He tells Charlotte to give him a call when she’s not so preoccupied. In an effort to get rid of Eli, Emily tells Ashley about his sketchy past. Unfortunately, Victoria isn’t about to take the word of Emily Thorne.Daniel flips out when he learns his dad appointed Aiden treasurer of the Amanda Clarke Foundation. Conrad assures his son that it’s for the best, as the entire foundation is a front to keep their assets out of the reach of the government. They’ll lead the Initiative to believe that Aiden swiped all their money. Speaking of swiping money, Eli hands the check for $100,000 over to Victoria as his contribution to the fund. Before Emily has time to digest this, Jack steps up to the microphone to thank the Graysons for all that they’ve done. Victoria speaks next to announce the name of her new co-chair: Eli James.Jack confronts Nolan about being the one who rescued him after being shot. He says his speech at Grayson Manor was all about him practicing lying through his teeth like his so-called friends have been doing to him. Nolan provides evidence that the person who rescued him was Kenny Ryan. It’s a good story, but the look on Jack’s face indicates that he may not buy it. Still, he lets Nolan know that he’s sorry he ever doubted him.After some prodding from Aiden, Daniel opens up to Emily about how the Initiative is forcing him to be a pawn in their next plot. He also reveals that his parents are hiding their money inside the Amanda Clarke Foundation. Over at Grayson Manor, Conrad says they raised nearly $5 million for the charity. Victoria ponders the idea of having Mr. Trask at the Initiative solving the problem of Emily Thorne for her. Speaking of Emily, she has Nolan use Carrion to access the Graysons’ account at the foundation to bankrupt them. Sounds like a plan.Nolan hacks into the first few levels of the Grayson account with ease thanks to his magic program. He hits a roadblock on one of them though. Nolan has seen this once before. Flashbacks show him telling David Clarke all about a hacker legend that goes by the name “Falcon.” This is the person the Graysons needed to pull off their master frame job. Nolan says the Falcon is back. He wrote the code that’s currently protecting the bank account. Nolan says this is the man who sealed her father’s fate. Emily takes this news in stride. She now knows it’s time to go bird hunting.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242642##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Victory | Season 2 Episode 17 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/25/13 Season 2 PG L The red X is back! Emily looks to cross out another target on her revengenda. Meredith Hayward ran the foster home where Ems resided back when she was Amanda Clarke. She was an abusive woman who used to lock kids in a cage. She also scammed agencies to make a small fortune off the plights of the children she menaced. Most of the kids under her care became addicts or prostitutes. Eli James wants the Amanda Clarke Foundation to sponsor Ms. Hayward’s foster home. He tells Emily that he wants justice for the woman who hurt them. He also says Hayward kept a bunch of letters David Clarke wrote to his little girl.Emily and Eli visit the foster home that was rebuilt after the fire. The caged area is still there hidden behind a movable bookcase. Unfortunately, Hayward says any of Amanda’s past items were lost in the fire. The letters are gone. Hayward is shocked when Victoria reveals the huge donations headed her way. A press conference is set up at the Stowaway. The place is packed. Amongst the crowd are some of the kids Hayward abused. Eli uses this public forum to reveal the horror they all went through. Hayward is stunned. She takes the microphone to announce that Eli is the one who burned down her house, not Amanda Clarke.Eli tells Victoria she can now be seen as a hero for exposing abuse as opposed to just throwing money at the problem. He later tells Emily that he restarted a fire she lit only to get her in trouble so they could stay together. He’s trying to make it up to her now. Eli pays a visit to the now-ruined Ms. Hayward. He comes back to Emily with a written confession. Hayward sold the David Clarke letters to a certain bow-tied individual. Mason Treadwell gives Emily the scoop on what was inside them. The most interesting tidbit is about a young man who also had a rough life in foster home. That boy is Victoria Grayson’s other son.Declan swipes his prep school classmate’s cell phone to help Jack track down Kenny Ryan, who says Nate recorded his conversations with Conrad. There’s still no real proof that there was some kind contract between them though. Conrad wants Jack to be his spokesperson for his political campaign. He’ll be his very own “Joe the Plumber.” Jack agrees. It’s his best way of getting inside the walls of Grayson Manor. In other news, Victoria uses Daniel’s assistant, Grace, to send her son a message that someone is on to his covert meetings with Emily. She sends him an envelope with a surveillance photo and two bullets inside. A subtle message this is not.Padma is contacted by the Initiative. Her father is still alive. She’s to deliver Carrion to an alley alone if she wants to get him back. Nolan swears he won’t let any harm come to her or her father. He builds a tracking device into the valuable flash drive. Aiden says the plan is to take out the kidnappers when she makes the drop. After that, Padma and her dad need to disappear for good. The drop time for the exchange is bumped up to a moment where Emily is unavailable. Aiden and Nolan are on their own.Aiden sets up a high-powered rifle on a rooftop to take down the bad guys. The scary Mr. Trask takes the flash drive from Padma. He hands it to a gloved figure in the back of an SUV. The drive is legit. Now Padma wants her dad back. Trask leads her to the back of the SUV. He tosses her inside. The car speeds away before Aiden can take a shot. Padma is taken to a large, empty room. Her dad is on the other side of a door inside. Trask wants her to do one more thing before they are reunited. He has her sit before a video camera.The locator in the Carrion flash drive sends Nolan and Aiden on a wild goose chase. The Initiative has been one step ahead of them the entire time. There’s a box on a table with a finger inside. Nolan knows their enemy now has the most unimaginably dangerous program known to man. They’ve also put two innocent people’s lives in jeopardy. It’ll take time for Nolan to track down Padma and her dad, but he goes to work right away. He learns that the legendary hacker known as the Falcon is working for the Initiative.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242643##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Sabotage | Season 2 Episode 11 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/14/13 Season 2 NR L,V A figure in a ski mask lies motionless on the floor of a warehouse after having been shot. We jump back two days to learn what events led up to this scene.Emily assures Aiden that her late night kiss with Daniel meant nothing. She believes making nice with her ex is the best way to get close to the mysterious Initiative. Aiden’s already gotten very close to this group. The ever-menacing Helen Crowley dangled a carrot in front of him that has him believing his sister is still alive. Emily believes they need to draw this scary lady out from the shadows. As always, she has a plan.Emily stops by the offices of Grayson Global to invite Daniel to wine auction that benefits a children’s charity. Their meeting is interrupted when Daniel takes a call with Helen Crowley. Emily eavesdrops on their conversation about a company called Stonehaven United Solutions. Helen says the company is poised to triple its revenues. She advises Daniel to acquire it. Emily passes this info on to Victoria, as these two are now in cahoots in all matters that concern Daniel. Well, almost all matters.Jason Prosser (guest star Dylan Walsh) has been a longtime competitor with Conrad Grayson in the business world. Victoria intends to use this guy to sabotage the Initiative’s plans regarding the Stonehaven deal. She scores Prosser an invite to the wine auction. Helen Crowley will also be in attendance thanks to the bait Emily sets out while dining on some tasty Chinese food with Daniel. She knows his office is bugged, so she lets it be known that Aiden will be at the wine auction as well.The day of the auction arrives. Emily, Aiden and Nolan discuss their latest James Bond-ish plan which includes a NolPad that controls all of the building’s utility systems. With Victoria by his side, Jason Prosser gets into a bidding war for the last bottle of wine which ultimately goes to Daniel for the bargain price of $1 million. Afterwards, Helen Crowley makes an appearance. She gives Emily a late donation before heading off to the elevator. Aiden jumps inside before the doors close. Moments later, a gaseous substance filters into the car. Both Aiden and Helen are knocked unconscious.Aiden and Helen wake up in an abandoned warehouse. They are tied to chairs with hoods on their faces. A masked figure threatens to kill them unless Helen spills the details on Stonehaven United. Aiden breaks free to overcome their masked captor. He shoots his foe twice leaving the lifeless figure we saw earlier sprawled on the ground. Aiden shuffles Helen out the door as a second gunman approaches. This other shooter is actually Nolan, who applauds Emily’s performance as she removes her mask. This entire scene was a ruse to hook Helen Crowley into trusting Aiden, who is not happy with how chummy Emily is still getting with Daniel.Ashley convinces Conrad that her talents will be useful in his next planned endeavor which involves jumping into the public sector. In other news, Nolan is flustered when Daniel asks about Carrion, an old development project that vanished from the books. He’s comforted by Padma, who asks to return to work if only so she can be close to him. This doesn’t thrill Marco, who is still trying to gain Nolan’s trust. This won’t be easy once Padma spills the news that Marco has been talking to Daniel about Carrion.An incarcerated Jack believes some corrupt cops tipped off the Ryan brothers, who then planted their drugs on his boat. Declan realizes that Nate and Kenny want the Stowaway. Amanda clues Charlotte in as to what’s going on. The two of them ask Conrad for help. Their meeting does not go well. Amanda realizes she needs to take matters into her own hands. That’s why she swipes Conrad’s watch and trades it on the streets for a gun.Amanda approaches Nate Ryan in the back room of the Stowaway. She warns him to leave them alone as she reaches for the gun in her purse. Ashley interrupts what is about to go down to reveal that Jack has been released from prison. She convinces Conrad that helping him would be a sign that he’s doing whatever it takes to stop police corruption in his town. This will bode well for his public profile and political future.Victoria continues to get chummy with Jason Prosser. She lets the secret about Stonehaven United slip during their conversation so her current pawn can swoop in on the deal. In other news, Nolan confronts Marco about what Padma told him. He finds a hidden email on his computer that confirms his suspicions about being in cahoots with Daniel. Marco swears he didn’t write the note, but it’s not enough to stop Nolan from asking him to scram forever. As it turns out, Marco’s instincts about Padma were spot on. She makes a call to Helen Crowley to let her know that Nolan is hiding the Carrion program somewhere inside the company.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242644##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER####DELIMITER##
1009242645##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Masquerade | Season 2 Episode 18 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 04/01/13 Season 2 PG L It’s time for the annual Grayson Masquerade Ball. Victoria hopes to set up Daniel with a young lady named Sloan. After all, it’s been six weeks since her son’s failed reconciliation attempt with Emily. The queen sifts through her RSVPs to find one postmarked from 1973. It’s supposedly from her long lost son. She was just a teen when she gave him away forever. The RSVP reads “expect the unexpected.” Sounds like the makings of fun party. Too bad Emily isn’t on the guest list. At least, not yet.Six weeks have passed since Padma went missing. Nolan has been obsessively trying to find her with no help from the police. He has to believe she’s alive even though every alley he runs down is a dead end. Emily has an idea how to find her. She asks Aiden to torpedo the Initiative’s investments. So he does. Daniel is furious. Then he’s fearful. That’s just something a meeting with the ever-scary Mr. Trask will do to a person. The menacing man with the slicked-back hair says the Initiative is liquidating all its assets in Grayson Global. Daniel is free from their clutches. The first thing he does is call Emily to invite her to the masquerade ball.Conrad preps for a big chat with the townies with Ashley and consultant Evan Spradlin. But it’s Jack’s advice on how to talk to the common man that makes the most sense. He’ll be feeding Conrad advice through an earpiece. He asks Nolan to help him with a little technical sabotage so he can play the recording of Conrad’s chat with Nate Ryan during the event. Jack also plants a question in the crowd that forces Conrad into saying he will look to get a presidential pardon for David Clarke if it is warranted. Jack’s plan works to perfection.Victoria receives a vase filled with black roses. There are 11 total. One is missing. The card reads, “I’ll be wearing the 12th rose, Your Loving Son.” Victoria confesses to Conrad that her mother’s boyfriend got her pregnant. She gave away the baby to a nun named Sister Rebecca though she leads her husband to believe the pregnancy was terminated. When the masquerade ball begins, Victoria scans the crowd looking for someone wearing a black rose. Her search is interrupted when Sloan shows her a photo of Daniel and Emily that made it into the newspaper. The queen is not pleased. Daniel hands her back the bullets she anonymously sent him.The Initiative may be done with Grayson Global, but Aiden isn’t finished with Mr. Trask. He forces him to take him to Padma. Aiden is too late. Padma was killed earlier in the day. Trask says that a silent alarm was tripped and the police are on their way. Aiden breaks the neck of the Initiative man killing him instantly. He heads off to the ball where he breaks the news to Nolan, who is devastated. He flees the ball but tells Emily to stay behind to finish what she started. Victoria approaches a masked man she thinks is wearing a black rose. It turns out to be Aiden. Victoria is so overcome, she faints. Looks like the party’s over.In random news, Charlotte decks a party guest at the ball when she starts badmouthing Amanda. Declan is there to comfort her. Jack overhears Conrad berating Ashley so he feels she could be a valuable ally in his quest to take down the Graysons. She agrees to help his cause. Emily lets Aiden know that if the Falcon finds out about his father there could be big problems. A police detective lets Nolan know that Padma was only killed a day ago. Victoria pays a visit to Sister Rebecca, who says her son came looking for her years ago, but she hasn’t seen him since. Finally, Sister Rebecca receives another visitor. It’s Emily. She tells the nun she’s pregnant and has nowhere else to go.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242646##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Retribution | Season 2 Episode 15 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/11/13 Season 2 PG L, V Emily is out of control after having watched Amanda die in her arms at sea. Nolan does his best to calm her down, but to no avail. Ems opens the locket Amanda gave her to find an old photo of the two of them as teens. She learns that Jack is out of surgery. Before heading down to hospital, she orders Aiden to find away to get onto the board at Grayson Global. Emily knows the Graysons are behind everything that happened to Jack and Amanda. She vows they will pay for everything they’ve done.Conrad and Victoria meet with the Initiative’s latest scary rep, Mr. Trask. They give this incredibly stoic operative the 411 on Nate Ryan and the missing computer with the incriminating video. There’s only one person who can refute the story they tell. That would be Jack Porter. Trask runs into Emily at Jack’s place just as the Coast Guard finds Amanda’s body. He continues to use Grayson Global for the Initiative’s benefit. Daniel knows he’s being watched via a camera that’s hidden in the clock in his office, so he continues to play their game for the time being. He later gives the clock to his assistant as a gift.Emily realizes the Graysons were framing Amanda so the Initiative would go after her instead of them. She stops by the medical examiner’s office where Charlotte identifies Amanda’s body. Funeral arrangements need to be made. Charlotte searches for Amanda’s foster brother so that her half-sis can have a proper memorial service with more than just a handful of people. She’s able to make contact with one Eli James through the power of the Internet. At the hospital, Jack regains consciousness. He’s devastated to learn that Amanda is gone. Still, he dials up enough strength to face Conrad when he stops by. He asks to have a chat with him. Alone.Conrad is fishing for info on the missing computer. Jack plays dumb. He has Conrad believing that Amanda’s death was all about Nate Ryan’s vendetta against his father. Later, Jack lets Emily and Nolan know that he’s hip to the real reason his wife was murdered. He needs to find that laptop. He also wants Emily to give the eulogy at Amanda’s funeral. Back at the Stowaway, a distraught Jack smashes the jar of sea glass that’s on his nightstand. He sees a locker key amongst the remnants on the floor. Whatever it opens will likely hold the missing laptop.Padma is pressured to deliver Carrion or her father will suffer the consequences. Daniel wants to be sure that the potentially devastating program has been destroyed. He appears to be having a crisis of confidence. Daniel lets his mother know that Aiden wants to get back in business with them. They have him execute the trades the Initiative wants done to prove that he’s not one of them. Daniel later promises Emily that he will be in attendance at Amanda’s funeral. As for the Carrion program, Nolan hands over the finished program to Padma so she can save her father.Jack finds the locker that holds the laptop, but he can’t get past the password to see what’s inside. Nolan lets Emily know that someone has turned on her computer. He tracks its location at the Stowaway. This happens to be where Conrad is making a public statement about Amanda’s death. Jack joins him before the press. Emily watches the scene on TV. She later pays Jack a visit to learn that he read all about her time together with Amanda in juvenile detention. Needless to say, Jack is furious.Emily delivers a heartfelt eulogy at Amanda’s funeral. Aiden isn’t present at the service. He’s busy swiping Emily’s laptop away from the Stowaway. When the cemetery service ends, Conrad assures Jack that his door is always open after the grieving widower asks to swing by Grayson Manor next week. He also assures the Initiative that Jack knows nothing about the laptop. Jack asks Nolan to come back to the bar to help with some computer problems. Too bad the place has been ransacked. The laptop is gone.Emily has a moment with Victoria at David Clarke’s grave. A steely look of determination returns to her eyes as the queen leaves. Later, Aiden presents the laptop. Emily heaves it into the ocean. She says, “The kind of punishment I came here for had nothing to do with prison.” Aiden realizes they are about to get back to basics. No distractions. Emily stands alone in the rain at Amanda’s grave. A stranger steps up behind her. He says Amanda once burned his house down. This mystery figure claims to be her brother.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242647##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Identity | Season 2 Episode 19 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 04/29/13 Season 2 PG L,V Nolan is released by the police after a long run of questioning about Padma’s murder. Emily says the Falc0n is the reason the woman he loved is dead. She suggests using Victoria to find the elusive hacker. Nolan sends an email to the queen showing a copy of the forged medical documents used regarding her firstborn son. She calls the Falc0n immediately asking the hacker to find the source of the leak. That’s not a problem since Nolan identifies himself to set up a meeting. He’s about to come face to face with his longtime hacker nemesis.The meeting of computer geniuses is fittingly set up at Teddy’s Arcade in Brooklyn. It’s the place where Nolan set the world record on Street Fighter back in 1988. He’s shocked to see that the Falc0n is a woman. He wants her to scrub everything on a flash drive for him. The Falc0n isn’t interested until Nolan makes her an offer she can’t refuse. He challenges her to a game of Street Fighter. Game on! Nolan is down early, but comes back strong to defend his title showing his innate Street Fighter savvy. Emily is in the background taking snapshots of the Falc0n, who has no choice but to take the flash drive from Nolan to keep her hacker reputation in order.Daniel meets with Takeda regarding Aiden. He claims to be worried about his unauthorized and reckless trades as of late. This is his way of getting access to the personnel files. Aiden happens to walk in on their meeting. He’s surprised to see Takeda, who lets him know that’s he’s come to clean up his mess. He orders Aiden to return to Japan. That’s not going to happen. Aiden knows that vengeance isn’t the answer. He needs to be there for Emily when she finally realizes this, too.Emily’s rekindled romance with Daniel continues to grow. This makes her persona non grata in Jack’s world which now includes Ashley, who has actually been helping out with baby Carl. Ashley provides Jack with Conrad’s weekly schedule. Several of the meetings are shams for something off the books. Jack follows Conrad to a secret rendezvous with a mystery lady. He sends a photo of the woman to Ashley, who identifies her as Alison Stoddard, the current governor’s wife. Jack doesn’t believe the two of them are having an affair. Something else is going on. But what?Victoria does not want head down to the TV studio to take part in Conrad’s interview on Nightline. So her hubby brings the interview to her. Victoria is plenty peeved by the ambush, but she agrees to assist Conrad in his rise to power. Daniel is first up in the interview. He has Nightline’s Juju Chang put Emily on the spot as far as her plans to marry Daniel. Emily tells the world that she would be honored to someday join the Grayson family. This has Victoria cringing and Jack making a disgusted exit from the room. Emily calls to try to explain herself, but Jack doesn’t want to hear any of it. He doesn’t want her to be Carl’s godmother anymore.Victoria is assured by the Falc0n that no one knows her secret. That’s not exactly true. Nolan sends some juicy info to the news team. Conrad says his wife had an abortion when she was a teen, but Juju Chang claims she gave away a six-month-old baby named Patrick so she could enroll in a European art school. There’s a stunned silence throughout the room. Victoria finally confirms that the story is true before somberly leaving the room. As for the Falc0n, she’s furious to learn she’s been hacked by Nolan. The feds show up to take her away. It’s game over for The Falc0n. Emily lets Nolan do the honor of putting the X across this particular target’s face.Charlotte promises to help Declan write his essay for admission into Harvard. She also makes nice with Regina, the classmate she decked at Grayson Manor not too long ago. The girl has questions about Charlotte’s suicide attempt, as her brother killed himself after swallowing a pharmacy’s worth of pills. The two girls end up getting pretty chummy. Regina encourages Charlotte to embrace her inner bad girl. She blows off Dec to go clubbing with her new gal pal. The two of them decide to have some fun with the paparazzi. The girls are caught kissing on camera. Declan is bummed when a shot of the lip-lock is sent to him in an email.Daniel gives Emily a ring. Aiden encourages her to accept it so they can be together when her mission is complete. In other news, Ashley manages to worm her way back into Conrad’s inner circle by showing him a photo of his meeting with the governor’s wife. Finally, Victoria shows up at Nolan’s place. She offers him full control of his company if he’ll first do something for her. Victoria wants him to use his computer genius skills to help her find her firstborn son.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242648##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Engagement | Season 2 Episode 20 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/06/13 Season 2 PG L,V Emily goes all out to prove to Daniel that she’s committed to him. She presents him with two one-way tickets to Paris. They leave in two weeks. There will be a party to announce the news to the world. Needless to say, Victoria is not pleased by any of this. Neither is Aiden. He’s taking comfort in the fact that when all this is over, he and Emily can be together. Conrad expects a bump in the polls thanks to his son’s engagement news. He asks Daniel to wait to announce his departure from Grayson Global until after the election. As for the queen, the search for Victoria’s firstborn son is on. Nolan gets back his company for helping with this mission.Aiden is caught off guard when Daniel reveals that he knows that his father was the baggage handler who was suspected of putting a bomb on Flight 197. He tries to explain himself, but to no avail. Aiden wants Nolan to help him get Emily to give up her mission. He wants to drain the Grayson bank account before they officially remove him as treasurer. Nolan needs help from the Fa1c0n, who gives him a riddle to solve. He also learns that Victoria gave her son, Patrick, $5 million to disappear. The Fa1c0n (her real name is Edith) adds that the Initiative can’t activate Carrion without her.Ashley says showing Conrad the photo of him with the governor’s wife, Allison Stoddard, has gotten her back into the inner circle. Jack steps up his mission to derail the campaign by showing the incriminating picture to Victoria, who notices that things have chilled between him and Emily. She also mentions that Jack was the reason her first engagement was called off. Later, Victoria pays a visit to Allison Stoddard, who assures her that she only wants to get out of the governor’s mansion. She’s been feeding Conrad info to help him defeat her husband, who is in failing health. She advises Victoria to limit her own husband to one term for his own good.Victoria makes a sweet, disingenuous toast welcoming Emily into the family… again. The two of them have a private chat. Victoria knows the look of a woman in love and she doesn’t see it in her future daughter-in-law. Emily mentions all the memories of love and betrayal that must be present regarding David Clarke. She leaves Victoria alone on her front porch. Emily later confronts Takeda about his role in exposing Aiden to the Graysons. She feels that he has put them both at risk. Takeda reminds her that the path she walks is for her alone. He warns that the Initiative is planning a second strike to profit from chaos. He’s there to stop them.Charlotte is still in a dark place, but she accepts Emily’s offer to be Maid of Honor at her wedding. This nice moment ends when Regina pops by with a black, plastic bag for Charlotte. The two of them head off to get into more trouble together. Charlotte gets sick outside of a club. Declan tries to take her home, but a cop has other ideas. He arrests Charlotte. Declan doesn’t have enough money to bail her out, but Regina does. The two of them head off to find an ATM. They don’t know that Daniel has already bailed out his sister. Charlotte shocks her big brother by letting him know that she’s pregnant.Jack confronts Emily about her plan to marry Daniel. He learns that she stepped away because Amanda was pregnant and he had a brand new life ahead of him. Jack says that’s not the case anymore. Emily promises to tell him the truth someday. That’s not gonna work. Jack advises her to go be with her new family. In other news, Nolan figures out the Fa1c0n’s riddle. Her numeric pass key matches her high score on Street Fighter. He makes plans to meet up with Aiden, who receives a visit from Takeda. The teacher and his student exchange threats. Aiden vows to tell Emily about Takeda’s true mission if he tries to shut him down.Takeda realizes that he’s lost Aiden. He takes off his jacket and pulls out two swords. The two men engage in a violent fight to the death. Aiden realizes that his teacher was never going to let them go. Takeda gets the upper hand. Aiden is in a tough spot, but he manages to snap a sword and impale Takeda. His teacher is dead. Aiden meets with Nolan to drain all Grayson accounts. Emily tries to stop them, but it’s too late. The Graysons are officially bankrupt. On the bright side, it looks like Conrad will win the election in a walk.At the Stowaway, Victoria knows that Jack wants to destroy Conrad’s campaign. She just doesn’t know why. Jack plays her the tape where Conrad vaguely ordered Amanda’s murder. The lights in the bar go out. Actually, lights everywhere are extinguished. Declan and Regina are locked inside an ATM vestibule. Everyone is panicked. Everyone but the Fa1c0n. She knows exactly what’s happening. Carrion has been activated.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement REV 220 Show Clip Aiden Kills Takeda
1009242649##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Truth, Part One | Season 2 Episode 21 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/13/13 Season 2 PG L,V All five boroughs of New York City have been plunged into darkness along with other areas such as the Hamptons. Everything electronic has been fried thanks to Carrion being activated. The Fa1c0n altered the program when Nolan hacked the Grayson bank account. That means Aiden will be blamed for everything that’s happened and everything that’s still to come. Emily wants him to go dark before the Initiative turns him into their next David Clarke. She also wants to find Takeda as he likely knows what the Initiative has planned. Emily finds her mentor dead from a sword wound. Whoever killed him was as skilled as he was.Jack tells Victoria what he knows about the laptop that could prove Conrad was behind everything that happened to David Clarke. He believes the computer may be hidden in the safe in his office. Jack needs Victoria’s help to open it. He doesn’t see her hide a file with his name on it. However, Jack does fide a file on Amanda Clarke showing she spent time in Japan. He unwittingly reveals to Victoria that Ashley is in cahoots with him. The search for the laptop comes up empty. Jack lets Victoria know that his only option is to go to the press with the audio tape of Conrad vaguely ordering Amanda’s death.Daniel and Charlotte walk through the gridlocked streets of New York to their father’s campaign headquarters. Conrad orders his son to steer clear of the offices of Grayson Global. In fact, he asks him shut down all operations for the day. He wants Daniel by his side for the press event for his big political speech. Victoria clues in Conrad about Jack’s plan to sabotage the campaign gala. She also lets him know that Ashley is working with him. Conrad uses this information to his advantage, as he orders security to keep Jack away from campaign headquarters. Conrad is pleased to see that Ashley is trying to relay that info to her covert cohort.Declan hurts his hand trying to smash out of the ATM vestibule where he’s trapped with Regina. These two don’t like each other at all. But they both like Charlotte. Declan realizes that Regina is looking for more than friendship with his girlfriend when he sees she downloaded the video of their kiss onto her phone. When the power is restored, Regina pushes herself past Declan, who later learns that she stashed money in his pocket. It was all part of her plan to turn Charlotte against him. Declan is shocked when Regina claims he stole her money and roughed her up in the ATM. He further stunned when Victoria tells him Charlotte is pregnant.Emily finds several photos amongst Takeda’s belongings. The first is of a pretty Japanese woman. The second is of an indentified man. Emily believes this could be Takeda’s killer. She believes this guy may be targeting Aiden next. That theory doesn’t last long once she realizes that man she hopes to protect is her mentor’s killer. Aiden reveals that the Japanese woman in the photo was a flight attendant on the plane her father was accused of taking down. Takeda had his own revengenda. He tried to kill Aiden when he threatened to expose his true cause. Emily’s head is spinning. She wants Aiden to run while she tries to steer all implication away from him.There have been security breaches at all major banks thanks to the power problems throughout the area. Daniel tries to get full power restored to the mainframe at the Grayson Global offices. All employees have been sent home. Only the electronics repairman remains. Emily recognizes this guy from Takeda’s photo. She gives chase, but loses him in the elevator. In other news, Jack receives a text from Ashley telling him to meet her at the Grayson Global offices. Conrad is actually the true sender of the text luring Jack to the empty building.Aiden is preparing to leave town when he learns from Nolan that Emily was willing to give up revenge for love once before. He’s crushed to learn she was willing to do it for Jack. Aiden says goodbye to Nolan, his unexpected friend. Speaking of unexpected friends, Charlotte questions Regina. She knows that Declan has never lied to her before. That’s why she walks away from Regina now. As for Aiden, he’s also walking away from his true love, Emily.Jack lets Nolan know that he’s headed to Grayson Global to pick up the incriminating laptop. Emily knows that’s impossible, as she tossed the computer in the ocean. The repairman she saw at the office is a former German Special Forces soldier named Gregor Hoffman. He’s an assassin who was accessing the servers at the Grayson Global offices. Jack is headed straight into a trap. Emily and Nolan race through the still gridlocked city to reach him before he goes inside.Nolan tries to reach Jack via cell, but servers are still scrambled. He leaves a voicemail message as Emily rushes on. Jack hears his phone ping as he steps into the offices. A shadow is seen in the distance. Across the street, Conrad gives his speech. He checks his watch while glancing over at the Grayson Global building. Gregor Hoffman gives him a knowing nod from the audience. Suddenly, cell phones everywhere start pinging. The text message they all receive reads: Long Live David Clarke. Then… BOOM! An explosion at the Grayson Global building rocks the city. There’s devastation everywhere. Emily looks up helplessly fearing Jack was inside.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242650##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Truth, Part Two | Season 2 Episode 22 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/13/13 Season 2 PG L,V The fallout of the explosion that destroyed several floors in the Grayson Global building throws the street below into chaos. Emily rushes into the building to look for Jack while Nolan heads back to his office to track his phone. Conrad takes control at the scene declaring to the cameras that he and his campaign workers are the first responders to this crisis. Inside the building, Emily’s sees the legs of an injured man. She’s pulled away by firefighters before she can see if it’s Jack. It’s not. He’s safe at Nolan’s office. He got the message to get out of the building. Now Jack wants to know how Nolan knew the building he was in was set to explode.Nolan gives the 411 about the Fa1c0n and the terrorists that are behind all this. Jack believes Ashley set him up. He smashes his phone so that everyone will think he’s dead. Emily is relieved to learn Jack is alive. She has to stop him before he does anything rash. Jack tracks down Ashley, but realizes that Conrad is the one who lured him into the building. That means he knew the explosion was coming. Daniel tries to pin the bombing on Aiden, who flees the scene before he can be captured. As for the man who Emily saw in the offices, he’s wheeled out on a stretcher. Charlotte is horrified to see that it’s Declan. He’s in bad shape.Jack needs to sneak into the hospital to see Declan without tipping his hand that he’s still alive. He’s forced to rely on Emily to help him accomplish this. He appreciates that she’s going to such extremes to help him. Jack wears a doctor’s disguise to sneak in to see his brother. Declan is awake and responsive. He agrees to get as far away from the Graysons as possible once he’s better. It’ll be hard to leave especially now that the girl he loves is pregnant. Declan puts on a brave face when Charlotte visits him. He says he’s going to be okay, but the look on his face after she leaves suggests otherwise. Nolan learns that there’s a race to find a way to repair Dec’s heart.Aiden asks Emily one last time to run away with him from all this revenge. That’s not going to happen. He presents her with a key to a distant villa they talked about in the past just in case she ever changes her mind. He kisses her goodbye. Emily’s sadness over his departure is short-lived once she learns Jack may be going after the Graysons. Speaking of the First Family of the Hamptons, Daniel realizes that his father knew the explosion was coming. Conrad says he had no choice but to play along with the Initiative’s plan. The only thing he could do was minimize the damage.Emily sees on the news that Aiden has been arrested. He’s being charged with being the mastermind behind the cyber-attacks on New York and blowing up the offices of Grayson Global. Daniel lets his mother know that his father is the actual culprit of the bombing. Victoria believes her husband has been with the Initiative all along. Conrad corrects her. He says there’s never really been an Initiative. It’s just a bunch of savvy business people who profit from disasters. Helen Crowley tipped him off about what was coming so he could also profit. Victoria is disgusted by this, but Conrad still expects her to join him on stage for his election victory speech.Jack sneaks into the hospital again to see Declan but finds only Nolan in his room. He learns that his brother’s artery burst. Declan left a video message saying how much he loves Jack, who loses control when he realizes that his little brother is gone forever. Nolan relays the news to Emily. Jack is going after Conrad, but he first runs into Victoria. He pulls a gun on her, but doesn’t squeeze the trigger. He wants her to live a long, tortured life. He doesn’t have the same wish for her husband.Aiden is surprised to learn that the feds are dropping all charges against him. They’ve had a shift in the investigation. Aiden confronts Daniel advising him to let Emily go. The two of them get into a brawl with Aiden getting the upper hand. He offers Daniel a second chance having no idea that the man he just beat up is eyeing a gun that’s fallen to the floor.Nolan has no idea what’s happening when the feds storm his office. He’s placed under arrest for crimes against his country. Nolan tries to let the authorities know that the Fa1c0n is the one who unleashed his Carrion program. She works for the Initiative. They are the ones who stole Carrion and killed his girlfriend, Padma. The feds don’t buy it. They show Nolan a video where Padma fingers him as the blind disciple of David Clarke. She says he’s the evil mastermind who has the power to execute his judgment on the rest of the world. She claims that Nolan Ross IS the Initiative.Conrad is projected as the winner in the race for governor of New York. Ashley lets Emily know that she gave Jack a pass to get into his victory party. She thought he was coming to hear her play the Nate Ryan tape. In truth, Jack is there for a much more fatal type of revenge. Emily needs Conrad to stay off the stage until she tracks down Jack. Ashley is willing to help run interference until she sees her boss’s total lack of remorse over Declan’s death. She’s fine with letting whatever bad fate is headed Conrad’s way play out in front of the world.Daniel arrives just before Conrad is to take the stage. He needs to borrow a shirt from his dad as he’s hiding the fact that the one he’s wearing is stained with blood. Conrad takes the stage without his wife by his side. Victoria is at home being surprised by an unexpected visitor, her long lost son Patrick. As Conrad launches into his victory speech, Emily spots Jack in the rafters. She rushes to him. Jack wears a steely look on his face as he pulls out a gun. He takes aim at Conrad. Emily reaches him before he pulls the trigger. She lets him know that it’s her choices that have led him to this desperate moment. Emily asks Jack to look at her. He must have known all along that she’s the real Amanda Clarke.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242651##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch Revenge Season 3 Full Episodes - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show When Emily Thorne arrived in the Hamptons, she appeared to be nothing more than the friendly, sophisticated "girl next door." But Emily is more than what she seems. When she was a child, her father was framed then murdered by the people he trusted most, leaving her to be consumed by loss, betrayal and rage. Since then, Emily\'s every social overture has been carefully planned to bring the opulent lives of her enemies crashing down around them. But now, having achieved her goal of taking the Graysons down, a new truth has come to light... her father is ALIVE! How will she continue when the biggest motive behind her revenge is no longer true?? continue reading S3 Ep 1 Fear The summer season kicks off in The Hamptons as Emily Thorne's course of revenge is renewed and set against an unexpected timeline. Meanwhile the return of Victoria Grayson's son brings changes and complications to the all-powerful family. And a glimpse into the future shows that the wedding of the century may lead to Emily's ultimate demise. 09/29/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Revenge Season 3 Premiere Date Announced By ABC Jul 22, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 2 Sin Emily's next target takes her into unchartered, sacred terrain, now that the former Grayson Global executive is a reformed clergyman. Victoria makes a bold move with Patrick, and Margaux presents Daniel with an intriguing proposal. 10/06/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Preview 302: Aiden Wants Payback more clips Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 302 "Sin" By ABC Oct 04, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 3 Confession With a new lease on life, Nolan throws a housewarming party worthy of The Hampton's elite, but an unexpected guest leads to a showdown that sends shockwaves through the community, while Conrad's mortality causes him to question his sins. 10/13/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Preview 303: Victoria's Guest more clips The Red X Report: Episode 303 Confession By ABC Oct 14, 2013 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 303 "Confession" By ABC Oct 11, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 4 Mercy When Emily's biggest takedown yet crashes and burns, she must rely on help from an unlikely source to investigate what went wrong. Meanwhile, to protect her own future, Victoria makes a bold move to secure her independence. 10/20/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Preview 304: Daniel's Past more clips The Red X Report: Episode 304 Mercy By ABC Oct 21, 2013 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 304 "Mercy" By ABC Oct 18, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 5 Control Emily may be losing hold of her plan, and her groom, when Daniel makes a startling statement at the Voulez magazine launch party, leaving her vulnerable and ready to do whatever it takes. And Jack is forced to make a difficult decision for the sake of his family after he finds himself in a new enemy's crosshairs. 10/27/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Preview 305: The Wedding is Off more clips The Red X Report: Episode 305 Control By ABC Oct 28, 2013 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 305 "Control" By ABC Oct 24, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 6 Dissolution Roadblocks seem to be mounting for Emily as Daniele2s attention is focused elsewhere, Grayson Manor may cease to exist, and two of the most important people in Emilye2s life start turning on her e2 leading her to do something very uncharacteristic. 11/03/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles The Red X Report: Episode 306 Dissolution By ABC Nov 04, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 7 Resurgence Conrad hires famed party-girl turned PR mastermind Bizzy Preston (Ana Ortiz) to restore the Grayson family name, while Emily sinks her teeth deeper into her plan and Nolan has a revenge-agenda of his own. 11/10/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 307 "Resurgence " By ABC Nov 08, 2013 The Red X Report: Episode 307 Resurgence By ABC Nov 11, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 8 Secrecy Victoria eagerly throws Emily a bridal shower that neither of them will soon forget. And when Daniel grows more distant, Emily has to take drastic measures. 11/17/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles The Red X Report: Episode 308 Secrecy By ABC Nov 18, 2013 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 308 "Secrecy" By ABC Nov 16, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 9 Surrender As the wedding of the century quickly approaches, Emily puts the finishing touches on her final takedown. But the tighter Emily holds the Graysons in her grasp, the more they slip through her fingers. 12/08/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles The Red X Report: Episode 309 Surrender By ABC Dec 09, 2013 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 309 "Surrender" By ABC Dec 06, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 10 Exodus The wedding of the century has finally arrived and Emily's master plan is poised to go off without a hitch until enemies unite, bringing new complications and leading to dire consequences. 12/15/13 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Daniel Shoots Emily Daniel & Emily Get Married more clips The Red X Report: Episode 310 Exodus By ABC Dec 16, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 11 Homecoming As allies and enemies scramble to learn what happened the night of Emily's wedding, the Graysons close ranks to protect their own. But when everyonee2s a suspect, it's only a matter of time before they tear each other apart. 01/05/14 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles The Red X Report: Episode 311 Homecoming By ABC Jan 06, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 311 "Homecoming" By ABC Dec 27, 2013 more articles S3 Ep 12 Endurance Physically and mentally broken, Emily finds herself more lost than ever while her enemies circle closer. But one game changing revelation will ignite a new path of destruction. 01/12/14 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles The Red X Report: Episode 312 Endurance By ABC Jan 14, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 312 "Endurance" By ABC Jan 10, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 13 Hatred With tension between Emily and Daniel at an all time high, Emily makes it clear she is not giving up. However, her own instability could put everything she has worked for at risk. 01/19/14 Season 3 PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Daniel Attacks Emily more clips The Red X Report: Episode 313 Hatred By ABC Jan 21, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 14 Payback Emily's mysterious blackouts put everything and everyone she loves at risk. 03/09/14 Season 3 TV-PG watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Emily's Worried About the Future Meet Grayson Manor's New Owner Goodbye, Jimmy Aiden's Warning for Emily more clips The Red X Report: Episode 314 Payback By ABC Mar 10, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 15 Struggle Emily's blackouts become increasingly violent; Victoria tries to deal with someone from the past. 03/16/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,V,S watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Jack Surprises Emily Jack Gets Answers from Stevie Aiden Channels His Inner Takeda more clips The Red X Report: Episode 315 Struggle By ABC Mar 18, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 315 "Struggle" By ABC Mar 09, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 16 Disgrace As Pascal's surprise visit impacts the Hamptons, Victoria and Emily have a public showdown. 03/23/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,S watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Jack Wants to Join Forces with Emily Meet Pascal LeMarchal Emily's Fake Pregnancy Revealed Emily & Daniel Get Divorced more clips The Red X Report: Episode 316 Disgrace By ABC Mar 25, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 316 "Disgrace" By ABC Mar 16, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 17 Addiction Emily uses her new relationship status to work out a mystery from the past. 03/30/14 Season 3 TV-PG watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Emily Tells Jack It's Over with Aiden Aiden Returns Home Emily Finds Aiden more clips The Red X Report: Episode 317 Addiction By ABC Apr 01, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 317 "Addiction" By ABC Mar 23, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 18 Blood Aiden and Emily discover long-buried family secrets; Victoria pays Mason Treadwell a surprise visit. 04/06/14 Season 3 TV-PG watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Emily & Aiden Reunite! Long Live Mason Treadwell! Stevie Falls Off the Wagon more clips The Red X Report: Episode 318 Blood By ABC Apr 08, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 318 "Blood" By ABC Mar 31, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 19 Allegiance As Emily learns the identity of a key conspirator against her father, Victoria sets a trap she knows Emily can't resist. 04/13/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,S,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Victoria Learns the Truth about Pascal Nolan Ross vs. Daniel Grayson Jack Has No Future with Margaux Victoria Knows About Emily's Revengenda! more clips The Red X Report: Episode 319 Allegiance By ABC Apr 15, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 319 "Allegiance" By ABC Apr 06, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 20 Revolution As the Graysons gain the upper hand, Emily must take on a new identity to expose them. 04/27/14 Season 3 TV-PG V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Conrad Kills Pascal! Charlotte Receives a Mysterious Letter Conrad vs. Victoria Charlotte Is Attacked more clips The Red X Report: Episode 320 Revolution By ABC Apr 28, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 21 Impetus Emily is forced to take extreme measures against the Graysons -- and those closest to her. 05/04/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Conrad Realizes Emily Was Behind His Downfall Jack Interrupts Aiden & Emily Conrad Is Arrested Emily Brings Down Conrad! more clips The Red X Report: Episode 321 Impetus By ABC May 07, 2014 Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 321 "Impetus" By ABC Apr 29, 2014 more articles S3 Ep 22 Revenge Season 3 Finale: Execution Emily and Victoria pull out all stops as they work to destroy each other. 05/11/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Daniel is Set Up Emily & Victoria at the Cemetery Emily Clears David Clarke's Name "She's Amanda Clarke!" Victoria Kills Aiden! David Clarke Returns more clips Revenge Returning for Season 4! By ABC May 09, 2014 Revenge Season 3 Finale: Shocking OMG Moments By ABC Jun 12, 2014 The Red X Report: Revenge Season 3 Finale By ABC May 12, 2014 more articles
1009242652##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Fear | Season 3 premier Episode 1 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 09/30/13 Season 3 PG L,V Sounds of a party at sea fill the night fill the night as a yacht cruises across the ocean. Emily Thorne, dressed in a beautiful, flowing white dress, steps forward as someone approaches her on the deck. She says, “I’m sorry.” BANG! BANG! Gunshots rip through the white dress as it becomes stained with gushing blood. Emily is jolted overboard into the water below. Waves engulf her as we jump back two months to dive into the events that led up to the shooting on the yacht. Until we live through another summer in the Hamptons, one question will remain: Who shot Emily Thorne?A lot happened since that fateful day when Emily revealed the truth to Jack that she is actually his first love, Amanda Clarke. One thing that hasn’t changed is that Emily is still with Daniel. They chat about the upcoming Grayson Memorial Day kickoff. It’ll be a bit of a family reunion considering no one has heard from Victoria for the past six months. That’s because she’s been busy getting to know her long lost son, Patrick (guest star Justin Hartley), while riding horses every day in the country. Charlotte has been living overseas after having lost Declan and their baby.Nolan is released from prison after the failsafe his placed in his Carrion program cleared his name and took down the Initiative, a group he’s happy to never mention again. Emily’s formerly incarcerated pal is grateful for the new beach home she bought him, but promises that his hacker days are behind him… for now. He’ll have to find other ways to help Emily with her long summer of retribution fun. Ashley Davenport quickly places herself on Em’s revenge-y radar by trying to get her hooked up with some men of standing or else risk exposure.Speaking of exposure, or overexposure, the portrait of Governor Conrad Grayson is still missing the depth in his eyes. There should be “arctic pools” in there. The artist has one day to do touch up work before the unveiling at the Memorial Day bash Emily is throwing. One of the guests in attendance will be a lady acquaintance from Daniel’s past named Margaux LeMarchal (guest star Karine Vanasse). Now if Emily can only get Victoria to show up. She claims Ashley is trying to blackmail her by saying the queen is having an affair. She also promises to keep Patrick a secret as long as Victoria shows at the party.Security is tight at the Memorial Day kickoff, as Conrad is entertaining a presidential run. He’s also planning to put Grayson Manor on the market. That means its current hidden houseguest, Patrick, will need a new place to crash. Charlotte is shocked when she meets the brother she never knew she had. She gives him the 411 on their destructive mother. It appears to be enough to scare off her newest big bro. Victoria is stunned and saddened to see that Patrick is going back home to the city.The Stowaway has been closed for the season. Its owner, Jack Porter, has returned for the summer after spending time away introducing Carl to his extended family. Emily apologizes for not telling him the truth sooner. Jack claims he understands, as he now knows the bond of love a child has for a father. He kisses Emily passionately. Jack needs to know how he feels about her. Emily is shocked when he says he doesn’t feel anything. He’ll keep her secret, but it’s just him and Carl now. He instructs Emily to leave them alone.The day of the big party arrives. Emily introduces Ashley to Dr. Jorge Velez to keep her happy. She also meets Margaux, who reveals her plans to start a new magazine. Nolan arrives a tad late, but in memorable fashion by paragliding into the middle of the affair. It causes quite the uproar. Emily offers Conrad a bottle of water to calm him down before the portrait unveiling. Arctic pools, remember? Conrad steps up to the podium to make a speech but struggles mightily. Then he collapses to the ground. At the hospital, Dr. Velez reveals to the family that Conrad has Huntington’s Disease. It’s progressive and fatal.The press gets wind of the governor’s situation from a source close to the family. This means he’ll have to step down from his political post. Emily leads Victoria to believe that Ashley is the leak. After all, she was very chummy with the doc who made the diagnosis. The two ladies send Ashley off on a plane by assuring her that they won’t stick her with a slew of criminal charges as long as she goes away forever. So she does. Emily later puts that familiar red X across a photo of Ashley’s face.Jack knows that Emily is behind what happened to Conrad. It’s true. Nolan slipped his partner in revenge a vile containing a solution that would make Conrad ill. Emily later doctored the doctor’s report to state that Conrad has the disease. Jack advises her to finish what she’s doing by the end of the summer or he’ll be forced to tell the truth. Emily picks August 8th for her wedding day with Daniel. Nolan draws the date in the sand. It looks a lot like a double infinity sign. Just up the coast, Victoria has an unexpected visitor. It’s Aiden. He claims to have the same agenda as the queen. He says he’s looking to destroy the girl next door.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242653##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Sin | Season 3 Episode 2 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/07/13 Season 3 PG L,V Emily entrusts Nolan with her Infinity Box for the time being. She pulls out a photo of the next red Sharpie target in her Revengenda. The man’s name is Paul Whitley. He’s the person Conrad used to persuade investors to support Grayson Global back in the day. This man convinced many people to turn against David Clarke. Paul Whitley isn’t part of the corporate world any longer. He works for a higher power. These days, Paul Whitley is a priest. He also happens to be Emily’s choice to preside over her August 8th wedding. Coincidence? Nah.Father Paul claims he changed his life after the David Clarke trial. He wanted to help as many people as possible after everything went down. Now that he’s back in the world of the Graysons, he tries to convince an ailing Conrad see the light. He just needs to acknowledge his sins. That’s easier said than done when you’re a Grayson. In other news, Charlotte tries to get Conrad out amongst the living after his diagnosis with Huntington’s Disease. She blames herself for what happened to Declan. This drives Jack crazy. He wants Emily to tell her sister the truth. That’s not gonna happen.Daniel plans to help Margaux LeMarchal (guest star Karine Vanasse) run her new magazine, Voulez. He meets up with her for dinner to discuss the possibility. Emily excuses herself from the dinner table so the two of them can chat. She runs into Charlotte, who believes her only true confidant betrayed her by blabbing about Patrick. This has Emily feeling down. Nolan adds to her unsettled feelings by saying that perhaps Father Paul isn’t truly Sharpie-worthy. The guy has turned his life around to become a good man. Emily isn’t swayed. She lures Father Paul to an abandoned apartment where she knocks him unconscious. It’s all part of her plan.Aiden proves that he’s on the up-and-up about taking down Victoria’s nemesis by showing her the deed to Nolan’s place with Emily’s name on it. The queen of the Hamptons sees that Nolan has purchased one of her paintings. They’ve been put up for sale to keep the financially-strapped Grayson family living in luxury, albeit month-to-month. Elsewhere, Margaux is thoroughly impressed with Daniel, and not just in a business sense. She unfastens her belt and drops her dress. Daniel lets out only the slightest of smile before stepping toward her. Gotta keep the boss happy, right?Emily convinces Victoria that she should do whatever it takes to keep Patrick as part of her life. So the queen invites him over for dinner to meet the family. Daniel is shocked learn he has a brother. He’s also still reeling from his earlier encounter with Margaux. As for Patrick, he’s stunned to learn that Victoria is the person who sent Frank Stevens to him many years ago to scare him away from the Grayson clan. She’s obviously had a change of heart. Speaking of heart, Conrad’s is suddenly racing. That’s because Emily sprinkled as little something into his drink. He has an attack where he cuts himself by breaking a glass in his hand.Jack can’t stand that Charlotte blames herself for Declan’s death. So he does something about it. Once Charlotte learns the truth, she confronts her father about his part in Declan’s death. She’s done with him. Charlotte’s tells her dad that he deserves to die miserable and alone. This levels Conrad emotionally. Nolan is also being proactive when it comes to doing the right thing. He reads a passage from David Clarke’s journal where the author asks his daughter to do the one thing he couldn’t do—forgive. That’s something Emily can’t do either. That’s why she plops a picture of an unconscious Father Paul in bed with a woman into his church’s collection basket.As it turns out, Daniel didn’t sleep with Margaux. The only reason he approached her was to hand her the dress she dropped. One would think this incident would make any future business partnership impossible. One would be wrong. Daniel accepts a job with Margaux’s magazine. This is good news for Emily, as she’s been trying to find a way to keep him in the city more. She’ll likely be disappointed to learn that her fiancé convinced his new boss to set up their offices in Montauk. Maybe they can have business lunches at the Stowaway.Father Paul details how someone knocked him out. He then shows Emily a place that always makes him feel better. It’s a food kitchen and shelter for the poor. Father Paul really is a good man. Emily sees this now, but it’s too late to stop her plan from unfolding. Father Paul is dismissed from his post. That’s too bad for Conrad, who is now looking to face punishment for his sins. As for Emily, she lets Nolan know that he was right about the good father. She plans to fix this. Emily believes Father Paul is the one person who can do what she can’t. She believes he can get Conrad to confess everything.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Preview 302: Aiden Wants Payback
1009242654##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Page Not Found - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Oops, your web browser has JavaScript turned off. Abc.com is not designed to work without JavaScript, please enable it to get the full user experience. AbcFamily.com is not designed to work without JavaScript, please enable it to get the full user experience. Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out Find your favorite show here or go back to the homepage.
1009242655##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Mercy | Season 3 Episode 4 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/21/13 Season 3 PG L,V Conrad is rushed to the hospital. Father Paul is right behind him with life-threatening injuries. Despite the best efforts of the doctors, there’s no saving the priest. As for Conrad, he’s going to be fine. He’s also working out his story/lie as to how Father Paul was driving at the time of the crash. After all, the doctors warned him not to get behind the wheel with his disease. Conrad is pleased that Emily was first on the scene. She saw the priest’s body on the ground as if it had been ejected from the driver’s seat. Conrad believes she’s his guardian angel. Emily does her best to mask what she’s truly feeling inside.Emily believes Conrad caused the accident to keep Father Paul quiet. She doesn’t think he ever intended to confess. Since Aiden is staying at Grayson Manor, Emily wants him to keep his ears open and replace Conrad’s medicine with some new pills. As far as the investigation into the car crash, Emily is shocked to learn that Daniel gave the police a statement on her behalf. This was accompanied by a little payoff check to the detective in charge. Emily decides to return the favor by providing Daniel’s bio for the launch of his new magazine. She intentionally mentions his past drunk driving charges. Her fiancé is not pleased.Charlotte has some renovation plans for the Stowaway. She also has plans for its owner, as she encourages Jack to take Margaux to her brother’s wedding. That’s not going to happen. Jack doesn’t plan on attending. He claims he needs a little break from Emily Thorne. In other news, Nolan decides to do a little snooping into Patrick’s background after lifting his wallet at the beach club. His timeout from cyber-hacking appears to be officially over. Nolan’s investigation leads him to the sunny state of Florida where $20,000 in cash scores him an informative chat with Patrick’s ex-wife.Victoria gets teary-eyed gazing at one of the first pieces of art she ever acquired. Her fear that Conrad will destroy her reputation by eventually confessing his sins weighs heavily on her mind. Patrick convinces her that she can break free from his clutches. She calls upon art gallery owner Sheila Lurie for a job. As short time later, Patrick pays a visit to his mom’s new employer intending to fence one of Victoria’s art pieces. This is something Sheila has done in the past.Emily gets word from Aiden about the salvage yard where Conrad had his car moved. She lets Jack know that a confession from the man they both despise is not in the cards any longer. As usual, she wants to handle thing on her own. That’s not gonna work for Jack. He’s furious when Conrad shows up at his place trying to win back Charlotte. A short time later, Jack surprises Emily at the salvage yard. The fact that Conrad had an airbag installed in his car and has burns on his body proves that he was driving. Of course, having the automobile as evidence would be nice. Too bad it’s hauled away right in front of Emily and Jack’s eyes.There a big reception at the art gallery for Victoria’s first day on the job. Charlotte is proud of her mom for what she is doing. She also gives Emily some advice on how to make things right with her brother. Apparently, Daniel is a sucker for a stream of The Big Lebowski. Works every time. Maybe not this time though. Conrad advises his son to not succumb to Emily’s power play. This is just before he admits that he was the one driving at the time of the accident. Daniel covered for him only because he’s finally starting to make a name for himself with the magazine.As the reception at the art gallery presses on, Victoria has a backroom chat with her new boss. She knows Sheila tried to sell one her art pieces without the proper paperwork. That’s larceny. Victoria knows that her boss tried to humiliate her with the reception. The welcoming party is now becoming a farewell bash. Victoria instructs Sheila to tell the guests that she is the new proprietor of the gallery. Well, that’s one way to advance in the company. It was all thanks to Patrick’s plan.Jack learns that someone tampered with the brakes on Conrad’s car. There would have been a crash no matter who was driving. It looks as though Conrad is clean. Aiden assures Emily that he didn’t tamper with the brakes. He’s also upset to learn that Jack knows the truth about her identity. Conrad also shares some truth. He was misdiagnosed with Huntington’s Disease. Now he can back to his destiny of leading the Grayson family.Nolan returns from his Florida trip a little wiser than he was when he left. The information he received was enough to encourage him to make a move on Patrick. It’s a move that’s initially rejected. Patrick ultimately assures Nolan that there is, indeed, something between them before the two of them share a kiss. This salacious smooch has Nolan channeling his inner-Uncle Jesse by letting out a little “have mercy” cry.Back at the Stowaway, Jack gets the scoop about Conrad from Emily. This has him wanting to attend her wedding so he can be there when she takes down the Graysons. Emily doesn’t want to put him in danger. This may be something that’s out of her control. Aiden tells Conrad that Jack is the one who tampered with his brakes because he wants him dead.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Preview 304: Daniel's Past
1009242656##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Dissolution | Season 3 Episode 6 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/04/13 Season 3 PG L,V Victoria calls the entire family together for breakfast where she’s disappointed to hear that Emily and Daniel’s wedding plans are back on track. Their honeymoon will consist of a weekend cruise to Nantucket for immediate family. That’s not the only news of the morning. Conrad is seen chatting with a woman named Morgan Holt. She’s a real estate specialist. Conrad announces that Grayson Manor has been sold. The entire family must be out by the end of the month. This puts a serious crimp on Emily’s revengenda. Fear not. As always, Emily Thorne has a plan.Victoria wants to put her art gallery in Patrick’s name so Conrad can’t get his hands on it. She also tells her son that she knows he tried to kill her husband. She promises to protect him. In other news, Emily is upset to learn that Nolan is now in a relationship with Patrick. She wants him to end it pronto. That’s going to be difficult since Nolan has fallen hard for the guy. Nolan tries to break up with Patrick, but can’t bring himself to do it. As for Victoria, she calls upon Aiden to look into the Grayson Manor sale as well as continue her mission to send Emily Thorne far, far away from the Hamptons.Emily calls upon Aiden to help with her house’s foundation issues. To be clear, she has him help cause the issues by taking a sledgehammer to her place. They take a break from the destruction to rip off each other’s clothes. Not so far away, Nolan swings by the Stowaway to have a chat with Jack, who knows Patrick is the one who cut Conrad’s brake line. He fears he’ll come after Charlotte since she’s the one who took the blame. Nolan realizes that Emily is the one who told Jack about Patrick. He decides to come clean about how he’s always known that their mutual friend is, in reality, Amanda Clarke.After Morgan sees all the repair work being done on Emily’s house, she lets Conrad know that trying to sell a house with a shoreline erosion problem makes her libel for fraud. According to documents that have been secretly doctored by Emily, Grayson Manor is slipping into the sea. No one will buy the property now. Conrad thinks Victoria is behind this. In truth, the queen has simply been making arrangements to leave the manor, not to mention her husband. That throws another monkey wrench into Emily’s plan. So she comes up with a new one which has Aiden showing the queen a room filled with gold bars. He says it’s the missing Grayson fortune.Jack forgives Nolan for the secret he’s kept all this time. He vows that they are friends. As a friend, he says that Patrick has to go. Nolan doesn’t have the strength. Jack will take care of that for him. He lets Conrad know that Patrick is the real culprit is in the mysterious case of the cut brake line. The two men call a cease fire regarding their own issues. Nolan lets Emily know that Jack went rogue without her knowledge. He says her need to keep everyone isolated no longer works for him. He agreed to be part of Emily’s revenge plans, but all he ever really wanted was a friendship.Charlotte’s remodel of the Stowaway is complete. She ropes Daniel into helping her pick up a celebratory cake for Jack. Standing behind the bakery counter is Sara, the woman who was seriously injured in Daniel’s drunk driving accident. She lets him know that his parents manipulated the settlement to leave her to pay for her recovery on her own. This is all news to Daniel. He looks into the settlement papers and, sure enough, Conrad and Victoria worked it to their advantage. Charlotte orchestrated things so Daniel would reconnect with this woman from his past. She also works it so Sara gets fired from her job.As much as Sara hates Daniel, her heart still skips a beat when she sees him. Now she’ll be seeing him even more. Charlotte got her a job at the Stowaway. Daniel tries to apologize to Sara after her shift ends. He truly didn’t know how badly she was cheated. He wants to earn her forgiveness even though he knows he has a long way to go. Charlotte watches their emotional exchange from afar.Victoria confronts her husband about the gold she saw at the secret warehouse. Conrad has no idea what she’s talking about. He’s much more interested in chatting about how her long lost son recently tried to kill him. Victoria realizes that Patrick is now in danger. As hard as it is for her, she sends him away. She vows to bring him back when the time is right. But for now, Victoria needs him to obey his mother.Jack is comforting Nolan about his heartbreak over Patrick when an unexpected visitor stops by. Emily lets them know that they are two of the most important people in her life. She doesn’t want anything left unsaid. Emily tells them that after she unleashes her plan, she’ll need to disappear forever. Neither of them will ever see her again. For on August 8th, the day of her wedding, she plans to frame Victoria Grayson for the murder of Emily Thorne.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242657##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Resurgence | Season 3 Episode 7 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/11/13 Season 3 PG L,V Emily and Aiden fasten a suitcase to a line that’s hooked to a buoy. They submerge the item into the deep sea during the dark of night. Emily reflects that after she carries out her plan, she’ll never see her sister again…or Nolan…or Jack.Conrad threatens Victoria with Patrick’s safety to get her stand by his side as he tries to, in Charlotte’s words, “rehab his image.” The publicist he hired, Bizzy Preston, wants to put Emily and Daniel into the spotlight regarding their wedding. She also wants to know more about Sara now that she’s back in the future groom’s life. Bizzy is pushing the upcoming 4th of July bash as the reintroduction of the happy Grayson clan. This will be followed by a mother/future daughter-in-law goodwill tour. This PR maven is becoming a thorn is Emily’s side. Could it be time to break out the red Sharpie?Nolan knows all about Bizzy Preston. She reported that he was gay and that derailed any chance of him making amends with his father. He’ll help Emily from becoming a victim of her PR machine. First, she can be used to their advantage though. Bizzy has a source that claims Emily was married before. She can’t relate because she married her high school sweetheart, Jeff. They’ve been married for 22 years. Emily says Victoria can’t know about her past marriage. She hopes Bizzy will take the bait and blab to the queen. Nolan needs the password to the PR person’s cell. Too bad that phone never leaves her hand. Nolan says maybe it doesn’t have to.Victoria wants Aiden to get back into Emily’s life and, more importantly, her bed. If he doesn’t do this, he risks being booted out of the Graysons’ inner circle. Aiden shows up at a lunch to steal Emily away from Victoria and Bizzy. Once they are away from the table, the news of the past marriage comes out. Emily and Aiden listen in from afar. Nolan is there, too. This particular takedown is all his. The 4th of July party will serve as the perfect backdrop. Let the fireworks begin!Margaux rejects the idea of featuring Conrad in her magazine until he gives her a story no one expects. Her interest is piqued, however, when it’s revealed that Conrad is writing his memoirs. In her personal life, Margaux is hurt when Jack pulls away as they get passionate. Nolan thinks it’s time he faced up to something. Jack finally does. He visits the cemetery to say goodbye again to Amanda. He finally takes off his wedding ring and asks Margaux for another chance. The two of them end up sharing a night of passion at the Stowaway.In other news, Daniel stops by the Stowaway to ask Sara to make the cake for his wedding. The lady makes a tasty pastry. Daniel appreciates Emily going along with the idea and Sara is thrilled when she gets the job. Victoria is surprised to see Sara at the big 4th of July bash. Charlotte invited her as part of her plan to rekindle old feelings with her brother. This is something Victoria never considered. It has her realizing that she no longer needs Aiden. On the beach, Daniel sits with Sara watching the fireworks show. They reminisce about the past. These two seem very comfortable with each other—so comfortable that they almost share a kiss.Nolan is able to trick Bizzy into revealing her cell phone pass code. He learns that Bizzy has been unfaithful to her hubby. It’s payback time. He sent emails to all her clients revealing that their secrets are no longer safe thanks to Bizzy. Her career is ruined. Nolan threatens to put the final nail in the coffin by telling her husband about his wife’s secret lover. He can’t do it though. Instead, he orders Bizzy to end her affair and be faithful from here on out to the man who loves her.Victoria stops by to see Sara. She apologizes for her behavior and to say she thinks she may be the one for Daniel. She suggests an alliance to make this happen. Over at Nolan’s house, Emily learns of this possible rekindling of the past between Daniel and Sara. There’s only one thing for her to do now—make sure they have no future.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242658##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Control | Season 3 Episode 5 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/28/13 Season 3 PG L,V Emily is desperate to find out who cut the brake line on Conrad’s car. She agrees to let Aiden handle the investigation. She has no idea he already told Conrad that Jack was responsible. Aiden obviously has a hidden agenda. He convinces Conrad to let him be the one to take care of things. Aiden pays Jack a visit at the Stowaway. He warns him that Conrad is out for blood. He suggests that Jack make himself scarce around these parts for his own good, as well as the safety of his son.Margaux invites Jack to be her guest at the celebration for the first issue of her magazine. Her powerful father is flying in for the occasion. She’s looking to make a good impression. Margaux also has the wedding issue of Voulez on her mind. She has Daniel wondering why his fiancé doesn’t ever reveal anything about her family. He’s never seen one photo of Emily’s parents. As for Margaux, she learns that her father is not coming to the magazine celebration. Victoria advises her to learn how control the powerful men in her life.Victoria manages to get Daniel to make nice with Patrick. But he’s still not ready to forgive Emily, who is going dress shopping with the puppet master mother of her betrothed. Victoria isn’t too concerned about the dress Charlotte picks out even though she hates it. She doesn’t believe there’s cause for concern regarding a wedding she’s scheming to destroy. News that Emily is still hanging with Jack has her wheels spinning. She lets it slip that Conrad is after him. Emily takes the bait. She rushes to tell Jack, who is getting Carl to safety. He’ll be back though. He lets Emily know that Aiden is the one who threatened him.Emily confronts Aiden about the mistakes they’ve both made recently. She instructs him to clear Jack’s name. Emily shows up late at the magazine celebration. This has Daniel very upset. He says he can’t marry her. Emily seeks advice from Nolan, who says she needs to be honest with him. She needs to share a piece of herself with Daniel if she hopes to win him back. Emily breaks into Jack’s room to steal an old photo of her with her parents that was amongst Amanda’s things. While she’s there, she catches sight of Jack and Margaux together.Patrick is ticked at Nolan. He knows he skipped off to Florida to get the scoop on him from his ex-wife. He lets him know that he doesn’t play games. Nolan later apologizes to Patrick for his actions. People have been mean and dishonest to him. It’s caused him to have his defenses up constantly. Nolan asks Patrick to come find him if he would like to give him a second chance. Later, Victoria alludes that she would like to set up Patrick with someone. That won’t be necessary. Patrick does, indeed, give Nolan a second chance.Aiden lets Victoria know that he’s uncovered the culprit who sabotaged Conrad’s brakes. It was someone who had access to Grayson Manor. It was one of her children. A distraught Victoria tells Conrad that the person who tried to kill him was his own daughter. Charlotte says she hated him for what he did to Declan. She says she couldn’t stay quiet once she learned her dad blamed Jack. Conrad forgives Charlotte and is grateful to have her back. Aiden tells Emily that the actual brake breaker is Patrick. Victoria was able to con Charlotte into taking the fall because she knew she would want to protect Jack.Emily apologizes to Aiden for how she’s treated him. The two of them share a passionate kiss. Then Emily makes her way over to see Daniel. She shows him the picture she swiped from the Stowaway. She tells the true story about how her dad helped her get over her fear of thunder. She gets choked up talking about it. She still feels the pain of how he was ripped away from her. Daniel appreciates how difficult this was for her. He hugs her and lets her know that the wedding is back on. Emily knows in her heart that in order to get control, sometimes you have to relinquish it.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Preview 305: The Wedding is Off
1009242659##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Confession | Season 3 Episode 3 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/14/13 Season 3 PG L,V Conrad’s nightmares of his daughter stabbing him to death for the fate he bestowed upon her real father have not led to many nights of blissful slumber. Not even a morning delivery of some breakfast pastries from Emily Thorne can dissipate his uneasiness. Of course, he has no idea that his nursing neighbor is also switching up his meds. Emily believes Conrad is on the verge of confessing to what he did to her father, so she makes a deal with Father Paul so that he can clear his name, too. She wants the priest to push Conrad to repent.Nolan caps the guest list at one hundred for his exclusive housewarming bash. That number doesn’t include the enclosure of a half dozen dolphins he wants by the beach out back. Margaux craves an invite to Nolan’s party to schmooze him into being a cover boy for her magazine. Jack is on the guest list. Thanks to a little persuasion from Charlotte (not to mention a new suit), he agrees to take Margaux along as his plus one. Patrick is also invited to attend after a chance meeting with Nolan, who didn’t realize who he was at first. Speaking of Victoria’s other son, he has moved into Grayson Manor much to Conrad’s chagrin.Aiden shows Victoria the offshore account which he believes holds the Grayson fortune. He reveals that he was having an affair with Emily even after she became engaged to Daniel. Victoria relays all this info to her in-the-dark son. This has Daniel’s radar up regarding Emily’s intentions. This has always been the case with Victoria, who sends her nemesis up to see her housebound hubby. Emily pushes Conrad to answer for his past just moments before Father Paul arrives. Timing is everything. Or perhaps his appearance was divine intervention. Father Paul suggests that by coming clean, Conrad can leave this world a savior. Something to think about, right?Nolan’s party is filled with lots and lots of pretty people including an uncomfortable Jack, who lightens up as he begins to succumb to Margaux’s charms. A concerned Emily watches them from afar. Her attention is drawn away instantly when Victoria arrives with Aiden by her side. Let the fireworks begin! Aiden reveals that Daniel shot him awhile back. This is news to Emily, who goes off on Victoria for trying to destroy her relationship with her son. She blurts that the Graysons are bankrupt. The secret is out.Margaux is furious when Daniel goes behind her back by calling her father to kill the story on Nolan. She seeks comfort at the Stowaway with a drink and her new friend, Jack. In other news, Aiden lets Victoria know that his hunch about where the Grayson fortune is hidden didn’t pan out. He believes this revelation will put an end to their business together. It doesn’t. Victoria knows that Emily has a weak spot when it comes to Aiden. The two of them will stay in cahoots until they destroy her. What she doesn’t know is that Aiden is actually in cahoots with Emily. She called. He came.Father Paul assures Emily that if Conrad doesn’t come forward then he will. He urges her to let go of any grudge she has before she loses herself. As for Conrad, he’s prepared to turn himself into the authorities. Of course, he’ll have to make it past the vase Victoria hurls at his head as he exits Grayson Manor with Father Paul. Victoria assures Conrad that if he drives off, it’ll be the last thing he ever does. After a meeting with Aiden at the beach, Emily drives down the road find a disturbing sight. Conrad’s car has crashed. A badly-injured Father Paul is face-down on the ground. Conrad staggers up to the scene. He’s thankful Emily is there.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Preview 303: Victoria's Guest
1009242660##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Secrecy | Season 3 Episode 8 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/18/13 Season 3 PG L,V Daniel has been distracted lately. He’s been thinking a lot about Sara. He almost forgot about the upcoming coed bridal shower his mother is throwing. Speaking of Victoria, she’s pleased when Charlotte informs her that her son has been sneaking around with Sara all week. Daniel conveniently bumps into her at the Farmer’s Market. He wants to talk about what’s going on between them. Sara reminds him that he’s getting married before mentioning that she’d be willing to meet up with him again. After Daniel leaves, Emily appears at the market. Sara is caught completely off guard.Emily tearfully confronts Sara, who promises she’s not a home-wrecker. She’s being genuine when she says this. Sara lets Victoria know that she’s not going to help her break up the engagement. The queen is not pleased. She wants a chance to prove that Emily Thorne is only after money and status. The bride-to-be finds a diamond necklace he believes Daniel will be giving to her at the bridal shower. Nolan helps her shop for a comparable gift. They come across a watch that sends out an emergency transmission. He thinks it would be a wise purchase for Emily herself.Jack is surprised to hear that Aiden is moving in with Nolan temporarily. Then he’s stunned to learn that the guy is leaving with Emily after she pulls off her master plan. It’s obvious he’s hurt by the news. Jack has an unpleasant chat with Aiden when he shows up the Stowaway. Charlotte had called him there. She received a troubling email. Someone stole her phone which contained some salacious photos of her. The thief is now trying to blackmail her. She needs help. Aiden meets with the blackmailer and proceeds to beat him to a pulp. He grabs the phone and hands it back to Charlotte, who pleads with Jack to not interfere.Conrad lets Margaux know that he’s going with another publishing company regarding his memoirs. He wants Daniel to help him come up with a title while questioning him about Sara. Conrad has his son join him in a secret lair in the city. It’s a place he can bring Sara, or anyone else he may desire, after he marries Emily. Anderson the butler will cater to his needs and keep all his secrets. Conrad hands over the keys to his den of iniquity. It would be a nice little father-son moment if not for the sleaziness of it all.Emily gives Daniel his gift they enter the bridal shower. She learns that Victoria hired Sara to cater the affair. The queen has more surprises in store. There’s a game of “This is Your Life’ where one of Daniel’s old pals shows up as a surprise guest. Then it’s Emily’s turn to play the game. Victoria’s mystery guest is even more shocking than the first participant. He’s the man who was once married to Emily, who says she only did this to help him stay in the country with his male partner. Victoria wasn’t expecting this at all. She was hoping this trick would sway Sara to join Team Breakup. It has the exact opposite effect.Emily’s secret husband is someone who was also schooled in revenge by Takeda. She asks her ex to set the watch she bought at Nolan’s suggestion in something suitable for a bride. That shouldn’t be a problem. After all, the guy made a fortune mining rubies. Emily is pleased that her plan to show everyone how desperate Victoria is worked. She has no idea that Daniel is meeting with Sara in his new secret lair. He pulls out the necklace Emily had thought was for her. In truth, Daniel bought it for Sara a long time ago. He gives it to her now as the two of them share a kiss and a hug.Victoria lets Emily know that she knows all about the secret lair in the city that’s been handed down by the Grayson men for generations. The wives have always known about the secret liaisons. Victoria hands Emily a phone. She dials. Anderson the butler picks up on the other end stating that Daniel and his lady friend have settled in for the night. Advantage: Victoria. Later, Jack tells Emily about what went down at the Stowaway with Aiden. He knows that she was always secretive, even as a kid. Emily reveals that the thing she would wish for when they saw a shooting star as a kid is that nothing would ever change.Aiden uses Charlotte’s computer to get backdoor access into Grayson Manor. He tells Nolan that he needs him to do something, and it needs to stay between them. As for Emily, she gives Daniel another gift before admitting to him that she broke down in front of Sara. It’s so unlike her. She realized something else must be going one. She lets Daniel know she’s pregnant. The gift she gives him is a sonogram picture. The surprises keep coming elsewhere. Margaux may be able to tell the tale of Conrad Grayson after all. She has a new source. Out of the shadows of a parking garage steps the once-thought-to-be-deceased Lydia Davis.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242661##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Exodus | Season 3 Episode 10 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 12/16/13 Season 3 PG L,V Sounds of a party at sea fill the night as a yacht cruises across the ocean. Emily Thorne, dressed in a beautiful, flowing white dress, steps forward as someone approaches her on the deck. She says, “I’m sorry.” BANG! BANG! Gunshots rip through the white dress as it becomes stained with gushing blood. Emily is jolted overboard into the water below. We jump back 12 hours earlier. Emily is drawing blood from her arm while Nolan reiterates the problem at hand. Victoria has opted to skip Em’s wedding as she’s not too keen about the revenge-y bride-to-be marrying her baby boy. Fear not. As always, Emily Thorne has a plan.Conrad finds Lydia’s journal. He believes she’s planning to take him down, so her orders her to scram. Lydia swipes a photo before she goes. She uses it to blackmail Emily into getting her beach house. As for Conrad, he learns that his wife is not attending the wedding. Emily has him believing that she may not have made this decision if Patrick were still around. Conrad takes the bait. Victoria is overjoyed when her other son shows up unexpectedly. Patrick convinces her that attending the wedding is in everyone’s best interest—especially when it comes to her relationship with Daniel.Emily, Aiden and Nolan go over the plan to frame Victoria for murder. The time has come to take down the Graysons once and for all. Emily stops to say goodbye to Jack, as he’s not coming to the wedding. She lets him know that she was with Amanda when she died. The last thing she made her promise was to take care of him and Carl. Jack can’t get past the fact that Emily took everything from him, even this farewell moment.Just before the big wedding ceremony, Patrick lets Nolan know that he can’t be with him. His mom needs him. Daniel runs into Sara at the office hours before he’s to marry another woman. It’s obvious these two have incredibly strong feelings for each other. As Emily prepares to walk down the aisle, Aiden fits her with a garter that holds an emergency beacon. He gives her a passionate kiss before heading off to initiate his part of the plan. A short time later, Emily is a vision of beauty as Nolan escorts her down the aisle. Let the wedding/takedown of the century begin!Aiden stops Lydia from crashing the wedding by turning over the papers to the beach house. As the vows are exchanged inside, Emily says she’s looked forward to this day since she was a little girl. Moments later, Emily Thorne becomes Mrs. Daniel Grayson. At the reception, Nolan shares a dance with the bride. He knows this is their goodbye. While these two old friends dance, Daniel slips away to call Sara. His wedding obligations stop him short from leaving a complete voicemail. He starts drinking as a way of self-medicating.Sara lets Jack know that she fell in love with Daniel all over again. She mentions the voicemail the groom left for her. Something has also been left for Jack at the Stowaway. It’s an envelope containing a pendant. In other news, Patrick receives a disturbing text message. It’s from Nolan saying they know the truth about Father Paul. It’s his way of bringing Patrick back to him. More importantly, it keeps him off the yacht.Conrad learns that Lydia really does love him. This has him heading back into her arms. He suggests that it’s time they shake things up in the Hamptons. So he invites Lydia to go on the yacht cruise. Guess her deal with Emily is off. Once everyone is at sea, Emily spills a drink on Victoria forcing her to go clean up in the state room while everyone else watches a video. As others enjoy the show, Daniel gets a phone call letting him know that Sara tried to kill herself. He’s completely unnerved.Thanks to Lydia, Victoria sees the photo of Emily dressed as a waitress at the Grayson affair so many years ago. She was right all along about being targeted. Victoria confronts her new daughter-in-law on the deck of the yacht. She tosses the bracelet that was supposed to be used to frame her overboard. This has Aiden springing into action. He renders Victoria unconscious with some chloroform. He drags her away. Emily is stunned when an intoxicated Daniel approaches from behind. He heard everything. He grabs the gun that was meant for his mother.BANG! BANG! Gunshots ring out. Blood spurts from Emily’s wedding dress. She falls overboard. A freaked out Daniel tosses the gun into the ocean. He then heads back inside to act as if he’s been watching the video the entire time. Blood stains are discovered on the deck. There’s no sign of Emily. Victoria is missing as well. Aiden swims to shore where Jack is waiting to return the pendant to the little girl he once knew. But Emily isn’t there. Only her bloodied wedding dress rests on a nearby rock. Something has gone wrong. This wasn’t part of the plan.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Daniel Shoots Emily Daniel & Emily Get Married
1009242662##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Surrender | Season 3 Episode 9 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 12/09/13 Season 3 PG L,V During a photo shoot for the wedding, Daniel says they should keep the baby news a secret for the time being. Emily believes he may be hiding things just so Sara won’t leave him. Margaux sets up an ornery Lydia Davis in a luxury suite while she confirms sources. She needs proof that David Clarke was framed. Margaux instructs Lydia to lay low until her story is complete. That’s not going to happen. While working out seating arrangements for the wedding, Emily and Victoria notice clothes falling from the sky. They head upstairs to see the culprit raiding the Grayson Manor closet. Both ladies are stunned to see Lydia Davis standing before them.Lydia notices that Conrad’s clothes are missing. This suggests trouble in paradise to her. Victoria says she went back on their plan to both disappear because her children were in danger. Lydia gets into a mini catfight with Emily as she’s leaving the manor. She pushes her to the ground. Daniel rushes to Emily’s side. Victoria thinks he’s making too big of a deal over a little fall until Daniel blurts out that his bride-to-be is pregnant. The queen is not pleased to learn that she’s going to be a grandmother.Daniel lets Sara know that he hasn’t been avoiding her on purpose. Things have just become a bit more complicated. Sara is not willing to wait. Charlotte wants to fix things. She has a heart-to-heart with Daniel, who admits that the way he feels about Sara makes him question everything with Emily. He’s stunned when the press swarm in on the bride/groom-to-be as they make their way to a doctor’s appointment. Someone tipped them off. Emily makes sure that Daniel knows that the only person they told was her mother.Victoria lets her son know that Emily is hip to his night with Sara. That doesn’t matter. Daniel assures her that he’s still marrying Emily. Sara confronts him about the pregnancy. Daniel has fallen in love with her, but the baby means they can’t be together. Sara returns the necklace he gave her. She says goodbye. A devastated Daniel drops the necklace into the water. Charlotte lets her mom know that they shouldn’t have interfered. She’s done meddling. She advises Victoria to stop, too.Jack surprises Margaux with dinner at the office. They haven’t had much time together lately. Jack notices a file on Conrad during his visit. He asks Nolan for help. He wants to keep track of what exactly Margaux is writing about Conrad. Margaux isn’t the only one reporting on him. Time Magazine is also doing a piece. At least, that’s what Conrad thinks. In reality, this is just Lydia’s way of luring him to her suite. Conrad is stunned. He’s also still very interested in Lydia. She’s interested in him, too. She secretly records their chat.Thanks to Aiden, Margaux learns her secret source had a guest. Lydia claims she was just trying to trap Conrad, but says she got nothing. Margaux terminates their business deal, but may have a new lead courtesy of Nolan. Aiden lets Emily know that it won’t be long before Lydia is crawling back to Conrad. This is exactly what happens. That’s cool. It’ll keep Lydia busy while the takedown plan moves forward. Emily swiped a bracelet from Victoria. She has every intention of returning it as soon as it’s covered in gunshot residue.Aiden works Emily hard during her training exercises in the pool. She needs to be prepared for the takedown. While Emily is underwater, an engagement ring is slipped onto her finger. She pops up to see trees decorated with lights behind Aiden. He planned all this with a little help from Nolan. Aiden proposes even though his true love is technically getting married to Daniel the next day. Be that as it may, Emily accepts his proposal. Their night of passion ends when Daniel calls. That means duty calls.The lead Nolan gave Margaux was Jack, who tells her that Conrad is responsible for the deaths of his wife and his brother. He didn’t want to tell her about this so he could protect her. Margaux believes that telling Conrad’s story would mean losing Jack. This is not something she’s willing to risk. Margaux says, “There will be other stories, but there is only one Jack Porter.”Daniel speaks about what went down with Sara. It’s over now. He’s all in with Ems and the baby. Elsewhere, Lydia gets permission from Conrad to peruse his old photos. She finds the picture she saw in “Guilt.” It features a brunette Emily Thorne posing as a waitress. This could throw a monkey wrench into the revenge plan. There’s another huge problem. Victoria stops by to tell Emily that she will not be attending her wedding. This is going to make it tough to frame her for murder. continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242663##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Homecoming | Season 3 Episode 11 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/06/14 Season 3 PG L,V Nolan watches with amusement as news reports roll in about Emily Thorne being shot. He plays the part of a devastated BFF for Patrick’s benefit. Nolan has no idea that the staged shooting took an unexpected real turn at sea. Emily struggles to survive while clutching a buoy. The transmitter she had attached to her garter is working just enough for Aiden to get a lock on the signal. Emily makes her way onto a small yacht. Aiden finds her in bad shape. She needs to get to a hospital. Aiden makes a noise which awakens the boat’s captain. The startled seaman soon finds the bloodied bride unconscious on his deck.Charlotte suspects her mother may be the one who shot Emily. The police also have their suspicions since Victoria can’t account for her whereabouts. That’s because she only recalls having blacked out. Margaux turns over photos of the wedding event, but not all of them. Jack is feeling guilty for threatening to expose Emily if she didn’t wrap up her revengenda by summer’s end. He fills in Nolan on what’s gone down. Both men are relieved when Aiden comes by to assure them that Emily is alive. She’s also in grave danger.When Nolan tries to visit Emily in the hospital, he learns that Patrick’s loyalties lie solely with his mother. He leaves a smartphone at the hospital to access the patient files. The doctor gives the Graysons the 411 on Emily’s critical situation. She privately lets Daniel know that his new bride was never pregnant. When Emily awakens, she has no idea what’s happened. She lets Daniel know that she doesn’t remember anything, including who she is. Nolan hacks into the hospital database to learn that his good friend Ems is suffering from Transient Global Amnesia. Not good.Jack sees the photos Margaux hid from the police. He notices that Victoria isn’t the only one missing from the pictures that were taken when the shooting occurred. Aiden believes Emily is faking her condition because she’s surrounded by the enemy. He disguises himself as an ambulance driver to infiltrate the hospital with Nolan’s hacker help. Aiden is shocked to discover that Emily isn’t faking anything. She truly doesn’t remember. Nolan believes her issues may be psychological as well as physical. She needs someone to make an emotional connection with her. Nolan believes she needs Jack.Daniel lets his mother know that she’s been right about Emily from the start. He confesses to the shooting. He plans to turn himself in. That’s not something Victoria is willing to let happen. She pays a visit to Margaux to suggest that Conrad is setting her up. The copies of the photos that were taken after the shooting show that Lydia was nowhere to be found. Victoria wants her hubby to help frame Lydia in order to protect Daniel. Conrad reluctantly gets onboard with the plan. A short time later, Lydia Davis is branded the prime suspect in the shooting of Emily Thorne. Victoria is in the clear while Daniel and Conrad are on the outs with each other.Emily remembers something about her past while Charlotte is visiting her. She knows her father’s name. Charlotte is shocked when she reveals that it’s David Clarke. She relays this newsflash to Jack, who tries to convince her that he needs to see Emily. The two of them arrive at the hospital just as a nurse was suspiciously about to inject Emily’s IV. The mystery medical worker is Niko. She and Aiden have a past as evidenced by the kiss they share in a parking garage. In other news, Patrick lets Victoria know that Nolan is keeping the Infinity Box locked up in a wall safe.At the hospital, Jack assures Emily that she is the toughest, most annoyingly-bullheaded person on the planet. He means this as a compliment, of course. Jack hand over the locket Emily gave him after Amanda died. He talks about how they’ve had many fights over the summer. He apologizes for that. Jack kisses Emily on the forehead. He asks her to come back. This heartfelt plea has an amazing effect. Suddenly, Emily remembers again. She knows that Daniel is the one who shot her.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242664##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Endurance | Season 3 Episode 12 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/13/14 Season 3 PG L,V Emily claims to be fully recovered mentally, but she feels as though she’s failed in her mission. She’s ready to admit defeat. Aiden wants Niko to sneak her out of the hospital. He lets her know that he reconnected with Emily. He’s sorry she had to find out this way after their unresolved romantic past. Nevertheless, he needs her help. So, Niko introduces herself to Victoria. A recovery room for Emily is set up inside Grayson Manor. Niko is there playing the role of a caring nurse. When a confused Emily awakens in her new surroundings, Victoria is hovering to welcome her home. She does this with the most sinister of smiles.Daniel wants Margaux to focus in the return of the vengeful Lydia Davis regarding her story on his wedding and the shooting of Emily Thorne. Of course, that’s all speculation at the moment. Lydia wonders aloud to Conrad as to why she would do such a thing. In other news, Sara is back to work at the Stowaway after her suicide attempt. In truth, she didn’t actually try to kill herself. She tells Daniel she got drunk and passed out in the tub by accident. There’s a heated exchange until Jack steps in. He promptly decks Daniel. He orders him out of his bar. Jack then lets Margaux know that it was Daniel who shot Emily. This puts the magazine article on hold.Victoria wants to keep Patrick safely away as she further tries to expose Emily. The two of them get into a heated argument about trust. This sends Patrick back to Nolan. The two of them make a late date. Of course, it’s all a ruse. Patrick is still loyal to his mother. Over at Grayson Manor, Jack brings Carl by to visit with Emily, who explains why she hasn’t fingered Daniel for her shooting. She fears the Graysons will fight back. That could be dangerous as long as she’s their prisoner. Jack gives Emily Carl’s stuffed doggy to keep her safe.Nurse Niko reveals to Emily that she is actually the daughter of her mentor, Takeda. She has no idea that Aiden is the one who killed her dead dad. Niko hears Victoria talking to him about his plan to swipe the Infinity Box. She also learns about how Aiden proposed. Niko punches Emily in the gut to remind her of the pain the Graysons caused her. She’s angry that her father’s student now wants to give up the fight, or so she says. If that’s truly the case, Emily will have to survive without Niko’s help.Victoria lets Emily know that her wounds from the shooting have left her unable to conceive children in the future. This is devastating news. Emily is beyond upset. Aiden is also angry when Niko spins the news that his secret fiancée is staying put at Grayson Manor. Elsewhere, Daniel tells Sara that Emily lied about being pregnant. This newsflash sends her back into his arms.Patrick is trying to get Nolan hammered, but soon realizes his date has been drinking water the entire time. That means it’s time for Plan B. Patrick knocks Nolan unconscious with a log in order to swipe the Infinity Box. He delivers it to his mother asking in return that she tell him the truth about his past. After Patrick leaves, Victoria opens up the Infinity Box. She looks inside. She confronts Emily about the contents. She plans to expose her as a fraud. Judging by the slight smile on Emily’s face, this is just fine with her. She calls an impromptu press conference to announce that she was, indeed, shot by Lydia Davis.Emily says she and her new hubby are offering a $10 million reward for Lydia’s capture. She later chats with Nolan about this turn of events thanks to the walkie talkie hidden in Carl’s stuffed doggy. The Infinity Box that Patrick swiped was switched before Nolan was knocked out. Emily later meets with Aiden to explain why she got back to her revengenda. It was the news that she can’t have children that strengthened her resolve. It’s also forcing her to end things with Aiden. This sends him back to Niko, who wants to avenge her father’s death. But not before getting intimate with Aiden.Margaux is ticked because she missed her deadline for her story. Jack apologizes for being the one who placed doubt in her mind after learning that Emily falsely fingered Lydia. Conrad pays off the assistant who was bringing the first issue of the magazine to the printer so he could have a sneak peek. As for Emily, she tells Daniel that she knows he’s the one who shot her. She claims she still loves her husband though. She lets him and Victoria know that she’s not going anywhere. Emily says, “It seems I am home after all.”continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement
1009242665##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Hatred | Season 3 Episode 13 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/20/14 Season 3 PG L,V After Emily pulls out her stitches in her sleep, she and Niko make nice. She’s not ready for sparring matches yet, so she’ll have to fight with mind games. She has a meeting with Victoria’s therapist at Grayson Manor. She later finds Daniel in bed with Sara. This doesn’t throw her as much as her new hubby thinks it does. She later tells Sara to skedaddle from the Manor. That’s not going to happen anytime soon. Again, Emily doesn’t appear to be as unnerved as her foe thinks she is.Daniel fires the entire Grayson Manor staff after word leaks that Sara is staying there. This was done to teach Emily a lesson. He knows that she was behind the leak. Others will continue to pay the price for her actions until she leaves. Emily covers the staff’s salary and lets Nolan know that Sara needs to go. She’s surprised to learn that Aiden and Niko are together. This has her pushing herself physically in the swimming pool. There seems to be a lapse in time before she finds herself in a confused state in front of Aiden. She confronts him about Niko.Conrad moves out of Grayson Manor and into the Southfork Inn to plot his next move. In related news, the first issue of Voulez hits the streets, but not with the words Margaux wrote. They were replaced by her assistant, who has suddenly moved to Europe. Once a libel suit is delivered to the office, Daniel realizes this was all a set up by his father. Conrad offers to drop the suit as soon as his son is fired and he be allowed to buy his shares. Margaux agrees to these terms. She also agrees with Jack when he thinks they should find a house together as the two of them declare their love for each other.Daniel lets Sara know that he’s been ousted from Voulez, but he’s still grateful for her. He wants to take her away to Italy. Emily watches the happy couple from afar. Her next move is to bring a special guest into Grayson Manor: Sara’s mother. She wants her daughter to come with her now. Sara refuses. This has mom saying she no longer has a daughter. A slight smile crosses Emily’s face as Daniel witnesses the strength of her resolve.This latest turn of events has Sara realizing that she wants out. She says goodbye. A furious Daniel tells Emily that sterilizing her was his gift to the universe. Harsh. Emily breaks down in tears as her heads spins. She later awakens in a bed at the Southfork Inn. A confused Emily doesn’t know what to make of things when Conrad appears from another room telling her she was magnificent last night.Nolan lets Patrick know that Victoria wasn’t the only one looking for him all those years ago. The other person of which he speaks is Jimmy Brennan. He’s Patrick’s dad. The guy was cited for trespassing when he tried to contact him at the orphanage. As Victoria helps her son track down his real father, Patrick speaks of his tough life in his foster home. He sees Jimmy playing with his other son and realizes how different life could have been. He wants to meet Jimmy, but that all gets put on hold when Victoria has a panic attack upon seeing the guy up close.Victoria tells Patrick about her difficult past. Jimmy was like a big brother to her until the day he took her down to a basement and raped her. When Patrick was born, she was on the run with a baby as Jimmy stalked her. To protect her son, she told the orphanage to keep the guy away from him while she fled overseas on a scholarship. Patrick is floored by this revelation. He takes out his frustrations by painting. Then he sets fire to a rag and watches as his surroundings ignite into an inferno.Niko asks Aiden to help avenge her father’s death. He agrees even though he’s the killer she seeks. Aiden shifts the blame to the man who planted the bomb at Grayson Global last year. The guy is living in Moscow. Aiden has already booked Niko a flight. He’s not going with her. Niko believes this is because of Emily. Aiden is shocked when Nolan reveals that the reports he got actually lead to the bomber. After all, the man is responsible for killing Declan. So Niko has a revenge ticket out of town, but she may not use it once she finds her father\'s murder weapon in Aiden\'s room. Finally, someone else has just arrived in the Hamptons. She\'s in from California and introduces herself as the first Mrs. Grayson.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Daniel Attacks Emily
1009242666##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Payback | Season 3 Episode 14 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/10/14 Season 3 TV-PG Emily has tests done on her brain to get answers as to why she’s been having blackouts. Security footage at the Southfork shows Conrad escorting Emily to her room, but he didn’t go inside until the next morning. Emily gets a call from a Los Angeles-based number. It’s Stevie Grayson (guest star Gail O’Grady), who says she’s in town and she’s ready to process her divorce. It seems these two had a phone chat about terminating the marriage to Daniel. Too bad Emily doesn’t recall it.Stevie realizes that Conrad is behind Emily’s divorce story. He’s looking to make amends for his past misdeeds. He also wants to give Victoria her proper comeuppance. The two Mrs. Graysons meet up at a clothing shop for a less-than-pleasant chat.Emily tries to make love to Aiden while in a confused sate, but he tells her he’s headed for London. That’s a trip he never takes. Niko knocks him unconscious. She ties him up. She wants to avenge her father’s death. She’ll do so not by killing him. No, she plans to eliminate Emily.Victoria learns there’s been a fire at the art gallery. She finds Patrick standing amongst the ruins. The contractor who interrupts their discussion is a familiar face. It’s Jimmy Brennan. This was all Patrick’s plan. He wants to kill the guy until he learns that Victoria hid the pregnancy and kept him away from his son. He now wants to get to know his father.The newly-unemployed Daniel has lots of free time on his hands. He vows to throw his sister an epic birthday bash. Emily finds herself in the middle of the party while dealing with the aftershocks of yet another blackout. She learns from Conrad that her stay at the Southfork was a result of her telling him she felt unsafe around Daniel. She still doesn’t know Conrad’s master plan though.Birthday girl Charlotte has her dad give her a job at Voulez. Daniel wants to use his sis as a spy. Conrad is taking over the magazine. This is much to Margaux’s dismay. She’s off to Paris to confront her father. In other news, Victoria is shocked to see Jimmy Brennan talking to Charlotte at the party. She’s further horrified when the guy thinks she’s interested in him. Speaking of being horrified, Emily is stunned to see via video footage how she freaked out on Nolan. She doesn’t recall their exchange.Emily finds Aiden thanks to a clue left by Niko. The two ladies engage in an epic battle. Emily gets the upper hand, but Aiden talks her out of going for the kill. He lets Niko know that her father died by his own code. He pleads with her to go. She does. Aiden wonders why Emily planted the sword in the first place. It’s because of her mental break. She’s losing control. Aiden advises her to get help before she does something else she regrets.A furious Victoria confronts Patrick at the gallery. Jimmy overhears their conversation. He can’t believe he didn’t figure all this out sooner. A venomous shouting match takes place. Things turn violent when Jimmy lays hands on Victoria. Patrick slams dear old dad’s head against a hard surface. He wants to call an ambulance. Victoria stops him as she hovers over a dying Jimmy. The police ultimately believe the contractor died from a head wound received after a fall from his ladder. This gives Patrick no solace.Nolan talks to Emily about something she was already considering. Her blackouts may not be related to her recent trauma. The results of her recent medical tests support this theory. No, this could be a family thing. After all, Emily’s mother had a psychotic break which had her trying to drown her own daughter. Could Emily have genetic mental issues, too?Jack and Stevie bond over their mutual distaste for Conrad. Their chat has the first Mrs. Grayson canceling her plans to return to L.A. She lets Victoria know that Grayson Manor was purchased before her divorce from Conrad was final. That means she owns the place. She wants Victoria out by the end of the week. She also assures Conrad that they are not partners in any of this. Stevie returns to the Stowaway to ask Jack about the stories he mentioned about Conrad. She has a special interest here. Why? Well, Stevie is Jack’s mother.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Emily's Worried About the Future Meet Grayson Manor's New Owner Goodbye, Jimmy Aiden's Warning for Emily
1009242667##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Addiction | Season 3 Episode 17 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/31/14 Season 3 TV-PG Victoria assures Pascal that she cannot be bought. This is after he sets it up so that a valuable painting is put on loan to her. Emily sets her sights on Pascal. It looks as though her attempt at getting close to him fails when he leaves her alone at a bar. In reality, Emily has simply changed tactics. She realizes Pascal is a gambling man. A plan is put forth to beat the man at his own game. Emily invites him to a Monte Carlo Night event for charity. She learns from Stevie that Conrad stole Victoria away from her latest prey.Daniel wants Charlotte to help him go after Emily’s friends. They agree that Jack is off limits. In other news, a competing magazine wants Margaux to be their new editor-in-chief in Rome. But all she really wants is Voulez and her current love. Jack doesn’t want to keep her from something that will make her happy though. Margaux breaks the news to Daniel, who tries to manipulate her by bringing up Jack’s relationship with Emily. His plan seems to be working. Margaux catches Jack and Emily in a tender moment. It was completely innocent, but it didn’t look that way to her.Emily pops down to the Caribbean to ask Aiden for some insight on Pascal. Actually, she just wanted to see him. She misses him. Too bad Aiden is still bitter about all that went down between them. Back in the States, Stevie lets Jack know that Conrad wasn’t always so terrible. She was drinking heavily back when they broke up. In the present day, Conrad is the one getting hammered. He was hit hard by the news that Stevie fathered a child with another man while they were married. The two of them have a nice, heartfelt chat.Casino Night is a rousing success. There’s a party crasher in Daniel. Emily returns one of the Grayson credit cards she still had in her possession. She used it to pay for the entire event first. Once she infuriates Daniel, Emily zeroes in on her target. Too bad another party crasher in Victoria has caught his eye.Nolan’s new roomie, Javier, creates a computer avatar of Charlotte to demonstrate a new program he’s developing. Nolan thinks it’s a genius idea. As for Javier, he uses the knowledge from the program to get to know Charlotte during Casino Night. She appreciates his honesty in telling her he’s an ex-con. Javier needs to scoot after a threat from Nolan, but not before giving Charlotte a passionate kiss.Margaux blackmails her father into giving her full control of Voulez. Jack isn’t thrilled to learn she had help from Daniel. The two of them get into a mini-argument, but it quickly subsides. In another part of the casino, Pascal sets up Emily and Victoria in a high-stakes poker game. Everyone is watching. Emily puts down Daniel’s engagement ring to cover her bet. She wins the match as well as a private meeting with Pascal. They speak of an alliance. Emily cuts the conversation short when she realizes something is amiss.Stevie lets Jack know that her chat with Conrad brought her back to a time when she struggled with her addiction. She pours herself a drink, but doesn’t take it. Jack sees this from afar. What he didn’t see earlier was Stevie giving the deed to Grayson Manor to her ex-husband. Conrad then gives it to Pascal who gives it to Victoria. A hotel meeting takes place. Pascal vows he will never betray Victoria again. The two of them share a passionate kiss.Emily lets Nolan know that Pascal was recording her on a camera. He was trying to get information. He has a partner. Emily suspects it is Victoria. She folded the winning hand at the poker table as part of a master plan. As for Emily’s plan to figure out the mysterious “TWM” initials linked to Pascal, she and Nolan have hit a dead end. Surprise visitor Aiden has a thought on that one. “TWM” stands for Trevor Warren Mathis, aka his father.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Emily Tells Jack It's Over with Aiden Aiden Returns Home Emily Finds Aiden
1009242668##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Struggle | Season 3 Episode 15 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/16/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,V,S Emily destroys the porch carving of the double infinity sign her father made for her many years ago. This act is the product of another blackout. She’s coming unhinged. Emily refuses to seek help. Instead, she tells Nolan she’s going to do what she should have done in the first place. She’s going to kill them all. One would have to assume she’s referring to the Graysons.Aiden reluctantly agrees to help when Nolan seeks him out to deal with their revenge-y friend Ems. He promptly kidnaps her while she’s engaging in a haphazard attempt to off Conrad. He employs Takeda’s old torturous techniques to help snap her back into reality. Instead, flashbacks have Emily blaming her father for everything. It’s why she destroyed the carving.Emily recalls the night before she was taken. Victoria had seen her after telling David she wanted them to run away together. Later, Emily caught them in bed together. Her father chased after her on the beach. He wants her to accept Victoria because she was going to be their family. Emily blames her dead dad for not listening to him back when she told him to leave her.Aiden holds Emily close as she breaks down in tears. She’s had a breakthrough. She appears to be getting back on top of her game. Emily, once again, wants to clear her father’s name. She celebrates this moment of clarity by kissing Aiden. Emily then recalls that her dad carved the double infinity sign as a symbol of how they can fix any problem. No mistake will ever break them apart.Jack discovers that it’s not easy to buy a house in the current market. Stevie tries to explain how hard it was to leave him after he was born. He’s not interested in hearing what she has to say. He calls her a name. It’s the lowest of low blows. Jack calls Stevie a Grayson. After that, she shows him the door. Jack later seeks advice from Emily. He tells her that Stevie Grayson is his biological mother. He knows she’s holding something back. Emily advises him to give her a chance, but also to be careful. They hold hands briefly. Emily thanks Jack for giving her a chance, too.Patrick attends a memorial for Jimmy where he gets into a brawl with 50 of the dead guy’s closest pals. Victoria bails her beaten and bloodied boy out of jail. Later, she lets Nolan know that Patrick has been destroyed now that he knows the truth about his father. She blames him for this. Nolan confronts Patrick about all the people he’s killed since arriving in the Hamptons. These deaths have always been deemed “accidents.” Nolan always wanted good things for Patrick. He still does. That’s why he tells him that an art legend named Stefano Leoni will be at a big event he’s chairing.Patrick displays his artwork at Nolan’s event where Victoria talks about how she’s squaring off in the battle for Grayson Manor. They’ll be going to court. Victoria is trying to get the manor designated for landmark status to thwart her foe’s plans to turn it into a halfway house. She’s plotting something. She doesn’t reveal the details to Patrick, who has a chat with Stefano Leoni. The art man offers him an apprenticeship overseas. Patrick tells his mother goodbye via an audio recording. This all came about due to efforts by Victoria and Nolan.Stevie shows Jack an AA coin. She’s been sober for awhile now, but there was a time when she couldn’t exist without a drink in her had thanks, in large part, to Conrad. She couldn’t be a decent mother until she learned to take care of herself. The Hamptons are full of triggers for her. But she’s now ready to face her demons, as well as her son. Jack invites Stevie over to officially meet her grandson.Daniel hires someone to tail Emily, who may be conspiring with his father. No need to tail Conrad though. Daniel already has someone watching his dad. Speaking of Conrad, his plan to push Margaux to the point where her father would have to get involved works. The guy is on his way to the States. Later, Daniel’s spy guy discovers that Emily is back in touch with Aiden. Speaking of Emily, she realizes that Stevie visited her father in prison after she was disbarred. Now she just needs to find out what she wanted with him.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Jack Surprises Emily Jack Gets Answers from Stevie Aiden Channels His Inner Takeda
1009242669##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Disgrace | Season 3 Episode 16 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 03/24/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,S Emily learns that Stevie only checked into the visitor’s log once when she went to see David Clarke. She used her maiden name of Pruitt to hide the fact that she was a Grayson. Emily meets up with Stevie as she’s exiting an AA meeting. She’s surprised when Jack appears. He wants her to leave Stevie out of her Revengenda. In other news, Margaux is buys tickets for herself, Jack and his mom for an upcoming opera. Everyone is going, including Margaux’s father, Pascal LeMarchal. He came back with her from France.Pascal has a frenemy-ish relationship with Conrad. Actually, they seem to be more enemies than friends. Pascal also knows Victoria. He’s the one who introduced her to her future ex-husband. Now that she’s a free woman, Pascal asks for a lunch date. The queen declines as she recalls he’s never alone for very long. Pascal is persistent. He buys Victoria a designer gown to wear to the opera. He looks forward to seeing her there.Emily learns from Conrad that Stevie tried to re-insert herself into his business a few years after she sobered up. That didn’t happen. Jack learns from Stevie that she once met David Clarke. She believed he got a raw deal much like his daughter does to this day. Stevie notices Emily in one of Jack’s wedding photos. She later shows up at her home demanding to know who she really is. She reveals that she believes David Clarke was innocent. Stevie offers to help Emily. The offer is declined out of consideration for Jack, who reconsiders his stance once he learns his mom had once received a suspicious piece of evidence.Victoria has a front row seat when Daniel confronts Emily about her recent lip-lock with Aiden. This will seal a deal for divorce. Or will it? Emily lets out an emotional speech on how she forgave Daniel for so much—like shooting her on their wedding. Who could blame her for finding comfort in the arms of another? It’s a little preview to the testimony she’ll give should they ever go to court. Victoria hires the guy Daniel used to tail Emily. She has a new angle she’d like to pursue. She believes Emily is targeting the Grayson family, not their fortune.Nolan catches someone named Javier rummaging through his kitchen. The guy is recently-paroled hacker. Nolan met him during his stay in prison. Javier needs a place to stay. Nolan gives him one day. That’s not going to be the case though. Javier put himself under house arrest at his current residence. Nolan’s new roomie helps Jack hack his way into the archives in Stevie’s old law offices. The search for that suspicious piece of evidence is on. Jack gets what he needs. Emily wants him to stay out of it. As for Nolan, he’s looking to run with a web aggregator idea Javier has.Margaux tells her father that his presence at the magazine is no longer needed. She’s made it a success on her own. Conrad agrees, but the fake ledgers that her father uses for a healthy quarterly write-off say otherwise. It’s his way of blackmailing Margaux’s dad into doing business with him. Conrad even offers him the one thing he doesn’t have: Victoria. Pascal later meets Jack at the opera. Margaux is not happy to learn that her father has extended his stay. She asks Daniel if he’s up for showing their fathers what they are made of.Charlotte, who is in charge of all things gossipy at Voulez, shows her mother a story that came through the tip line. It’s all about how Emily faked her pregnancy. This has Victoria making a scene smack-dab in the middle of the opera. Emily flees from her booth to find the paparazzi waiting for her out front. The next day, Daniel serves her divorce papers. Emily is booted out of Grayson Manor. This was all part of her new plan. Jack wants to be part of it. The archive drives he stole lead Emily to believe that Pascal is a part of all this. He’s her next target.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Jack Wants to Join Forces with Emily Meet Pascal LeMarchal Emily's Fake Pregnancy Revealed Emily & Daniel Get Divorced
1009242670##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Blood | Season 3 Episode 18 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 04/07/14 Season 3 TV-PG Aiden has a nightmare about the day his father shot himself to death. He awakens to the reality that he has no evidence to link Pascal to his dad, who had been falsely labeled a terrorist. Aiden needs Emily’s help. They go to England to see his mother while pretending to be an engaged couple. Aiden hasn’t seen his mom in eight years. He wants to talk about what happened to his dad, but she’s not willing to do that. It’s all too painful. She has no idea her daughter, Colleen, is also dead.Aiden finds a clue about his father’s past. It’s a name—Oscar Chapman. He’s going to follow up this lead, but not before telling his mother the truth. He admits that he and Emily are not together. He also reveals that his sister was kidnapped. She was used as leverage to get his dad to blow up the plane. As for Oscar Chapman, he was a freelance reporter who worked for Pascal. He died in a car accident. The lead is a dead end. But at least Aiden reconnected with his mother. Emily, too. The two of them make love.Conrad is disappointed to hear that his French friend is reneging on their partnership plan after he helped him reel in his ex. So he meets with Pascal’s South American business partner to reveal that he is grooming his son, Gideon, to take over the business. This has his foreign partner bailing. Margaux is angry about this newsflash, too. Daniel uses her rage to get closer to her. This has new homeowner Jack angry. After a chat with Daniel, Pascal apologizes for being a lousy father. Margaux shows her father her five-year plan. She’s pleased when Pascal is willing to listen to it. Later, she shares a drink with Daniel to celebrate.Victoria meets up with the incarcerated Mason Treadwell. Sadly, bow ties are not on the list of approved prison attire. Victoria inquires about Emily. Mason isn’t willing to spill his secrets unless he’s a free man by the end of the month. He calls Emily about his chat with the queen. It’s time to renegotiate their deal. Stevie is sent to meet with Mason since their conversation can’t be recorded. She lays out Emily’s offer, but it is rejected. Mason opts to chat with Victoria, who has brought Conrad up to speed on the situation.Javier is ticked when Nolan wants 70 percent of the company in their partnership. He wants to explore other options. In other news, Charlotte is starting to believe her brother’s story that Jack is in cahoots with Emily to destroy their family. A story from Javier further increases her suspicions. Charlotte believes Daniel can help him regarding his problems with Nolan.Mason Treadwell is given some shaving cream by a prison guard. It turns out to be toxic. Mason is dead. Victoria confronts Stevie about her meeting with him. She brings a bottle of booze over to torture her. Stevie ends up drinking again. Jack finds her in bad shape. He wants her to go back to L.A. Stevie wants him to come with her. He can’t do that. Stevie believes it’s because he loves Emily.The coroner’s van takes Mason Treadwell’s body off the prison grounds. As it turns out, the dead writer isn’t really dead. The face cream that supposedly did him in was provided by Emily Thorne. It causes a reaction in which the body only appears dead for 12 hours. Nolan explains all this to Mason as he provides him with his new identity, a bankroll and a description of the bungalow that will be his new home. He also asks him what he knows about another reporter—Oscar Chapman. Mason says the man who may know of Pascal’s connection to Aiden’s father faked his own death. He may still be alive. Now Emily just needs to find him.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Emily & Aiden Reunite! Long Live Mason Treadwell! Stevie Falls Off the Wagon
1009242671##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Allegiance | Season 3 Episode 19 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 04/14/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,S,V Emily knows that Pascal’s allegiance is with Victoria. She doesn’t fall for his attempt to buddy-up to her, but she does swipe his thumb print during their meeting at the racetrack. Emily sends it to Aiden, who uses it to gain access to Pascal’s confidential files. She later overhears Victoria having a heated discussion with a man name Luke Gilliam. The topic of discussion is her father. It seems Luke was the one who was supposed to take a fall, not David Clarke. He’s been holding onto evidence all these years.Luke Gilliam was Grayson Global’s biggest earner back in the day. He used his payout from the company to start a natural gas business. He’s in town to accept an award. Pascal also had a role in David Clarke’s downfall. Conrad suggests to Victoria that she ask her latest lover about his involvement. Pascal says he silenced the David Clarke story to save her. He plays an incriminating recording for Conrad. It’s his leverage for control.Jack is back from L.A. He knows Margaux is busy, but they need to make time for each other. That can’t happen just yet. So Jack goes to see Emily. The two of them plot to take down Luke Gilliam. The guy’s clean air company is a sham. He’s a slimy businessman who hurts thousands of innocent people due his immoral ways. That’s all going to end soon enough. Time to break out the red Sharpie!Emily and Jack put on a little show where she ends up defending her latest target’s character. Gilliam is impressed. He also doesn’t notice Ems swiping a vial he claims is the compound his company uses to extract natural gas from the ground. Gilliam asks Emily to join him at his award ceremony. As for the stolen vial, it’s a mixture of saline and gelatin. Gilliam has been lying to everyone. That’s why he needs to go down. What Emily doesn’t know is that Victoria is the one who brought Gilliam to the Hamptons. It’s all part of her plan.While hiding the fact that they are sleeping with each other from Nolan, Charlotte and Javier conspire to chat with Daniel about his high-tech program. Margaux is incredibly impressed by it. The plan is to bring the program to Pascal. Daniel calls in a few favors to get the terms of Javier’s parole changed. They vow to make him a star. They give him the keys to a brand new sports car to woo him. Javier doesn’t want to betray Nolan, but Charlotte convinces him join Team Grayson.Nolan steers Aiden towards a woman named is Brenda Evans, who is actually Oscar Chapman in disguise. The guy explains that Aiden’s father had no idea that he hid a bomb on the plane. He also says his father didn’t kill himself. He was murdered. Pascal was behind the whole thing. Oscar agrees to help Aiden and Nolan, who have no idea they are being watched. As short time later, Pascal shows up at Oscar’s place. He shoots the reporter dead. Conrad shows a photo of the corpse to Aiden to convince him to be his ally.The time for Luke Gilliam to receive his award arrives. He gives a righteous speech to the crowd. He downs a vial of the faux compound. Gilliam knows something is wrong. A message reading “Taste Good, Mr. Gilliam?” appears on the screen behind him thanks to Jack. It goes on to say he drank the real chemicals. Gilliam collapses on the stage. He awakens in a hospital bed where a video feed featuring Emily in disguise advises him to turn over the leverage he has on Conrad.Jack is furious when he learns how Margaux took part in stealing Javier away from Nolan. The two of them have a big blow up. Jack says he loves Margaux but he can’t be around her. He lets Emily know that he doesn’t think things are going to work out. As for Nolan, he lets Daniel know that they are officially at war. This has always been the case for Emily in regards to the Graysons. Victoria finally figures out that her archenemy’s true motivation has always been revenge for David Clarke.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Victoria Learns the Truth about Pascal Nolan Ross vs. Daniel Grayson Jack Has No Future with Margaux Victoria Knows About Emily's Revengenda!
1009242672##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Revolution | Season 3 Episode 20 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 04/28/14 Season 3 TV-PG V Victoria continues to put the pieces together in regards to Emily and wonders what Ms. Thorne’s next desperate attempt will be. “I won’t give her that chance,” promises Pascal, who then proposes to Victoria. “I should have asked you this a long time ago,” he admits. Victoria happily agrees and he slips a stunningly huge ring on her finger. (It’s Victoria Grayson. Did you expect anything less?) Later, Conrad visits Victoria with his version of an engagement present: he tells her that Pascal murdered Oscar Chapman prior to proposing.Meanwhile, when Aiden informs Emily and Nolan that Conrad has given him 24 hours to take care of Pascal or he’s going to reveal him, Emily says, “then lets take control of the situation.” By this, she means kidnapping Pascal and pretending to be Agent Rebecca Stone from Homeland Security. “This is where you tell me everything,” Emily explains. She claims to have been building a case against the Graysons for the last three years. “And you have the information I need to close my case.” Pascal keeps mum, so Emily confiscates his phone. Nolan works his magic to access the contents of the phone and the trio quickly realizes there is nothing on it that implicates Pascal or the Graysons in Flight 197. Pascal was bluffing. But Emily notes that Conrad doesn’t know that. She goes back to questioning Pascal, who is far from cooperative – until Emily mentions Margaux. Pascal agrees to wear a wire to the MyClone launch in order to trap Conrad, but he isn’t going to do anything to hurt Victoria.When Pascal returns to Grayson Manor after being detained by “Agent Rebecca Stone,” he keeps quiet about his meeting. But he does tell Victoria to prepare to go to France. He’s through with America and wants to go home -- immediately. Sensing something isn’t right, Victoria goes through Pascal’s jacket while he’s showering. She finds a business card in the pocket and when she calls it, she reaches a voicemail for “Homeland Security.” Victoria tells Daniel about this and admits she fears that Pascal has something up his sleeve. “I put such faith in him,” she states. “I can’t believe he would talk to the authorities without telling me.” Daniel assures his mom that Pascal wouldn’t betray her... but then goes straight to Conrad to warn him Pascal has been talking to the feds.Charlotte receives a letter that appears to be from David Clarke. She takes it to Victoria who dismisses the letter as a prank and tells her daughter not to let her imagination run wild. Charlotte isn’t convinced. In fact, she goes to Jack and asks him to help her investigate it further. Jack gets Nolan to help find where the mysterious letter came from, but he doesn’t tell his friend whom the sender may be. Later, Charlotte and Jack go to the cabin location where Jack convinces Charlotte this really is a sick joke. But as they’re leaving, Jack notices a ring with the initials “D.C.” on it. He wordlessly pockets the ring and leaves… without realizing he and Charlotte were being watched.On Daniel’s urging, Margaux convinces her father to put it in writing that she will be taking over LeMarchal Media. He also makes the announcement public at the MyClone launch. Speaking of MyClone, thanks to a little revenge of his own, Nolan makes sure the launch goes terribly wrong and Javier is fired.Elsewhere at the launch, Emily watches as Pascal and Conrad leave together. It’s finally time to bring down Conrad Grayson! But wait… Pascal is headed in the wrong direction. Something isn’t right. “Do you think he’s going to sell us out?” Nolan asks. “I’m not going to let him,” Emily replies and takes off to follow them. She’s not the only one. Victoria is hot on their trail too. Conrad leads Pascal to the roof where his helicopter is waiting. If Pascal wants to talk to him, he’ll have to join him on the flight. Pascal tries to get Conrad to admit his past sins, but instead, Conrad pushes Pascal into the blades of the chopper, which leads to a very, very bloody death. Emily witnesses it all and manages to miss Victoria only by a few seconds. Victoria is horrified when she reaches the roof and sees the gruesome scene. She blames Conrad for her new fiancé’s death, but he claims it was an accident and his pilot corroborates the story.In the wake of Pascal’s death, Margaux is distraught. She’s also the new CEO of LeMarchal Media. Victoria remains in a state of shock. When Daniel goes to check on her, she asks him if he told Conrad about the feds. Daniel denies it, but can’t help wonder if the feds were really onto Pascal, where are they now? After he leaves, Victoria calls the number on the card again. It’s been disconnected.Out on the beach, Charlotte goes for a nighttime stroll. She isn’t alone, though. A masked figure attacks her and drags her away! Her fate remains to be seen. continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Conrad Kills Pascal! Charlotte Receives a Mysterious Letter Conrad vs. Victoria Charlotte Is Attacked
1009242673##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Revenge Season 3 Finale: Execution | Season 3 Episode 22 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/12/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,V Conrad tells the judge at his bail hearing that the comments he was heard making were a result of what he was being forced to say in his press conference. This statement is in contradiction to the thick stack of evidence presented to the court. It’s enough for the judge to announce he is reopening the David Clarke case. This makes a smiling Emily very happy as she sees Conrad taken away from her front row seat in the courtroom. Conrad is also being investigated for Pascal’s death. His lawyer advises him to take a plea deal for life in prison.Pascal’s body is sent off on a jet so it can be buried back home in France. Daniel comforts Margaux. Victoria is also distraught. She vows to make Emily Thorne pay for her part in all this. As for Margaux, she learns that her little brother is in town shortly after making Daniel her second in command. Gideon meets with Nolan about his sister’s control of MyClone. The two conspire to take down Daniel and Margaux. Later, Gideon tells Daniel that he’s planning to start his own firm while getting him liquored up at a bar.The DNA test Victoria had done proves that the woman who claimed to be Amanda Clarke was in no way related to David. A past memory shows that David Clarke’s father gave him the ring that has his initials on it. He mentions a cabin that his dad built where they’d spend their summers. In the present, Emily wonders if this is the place where Jack found the ring. Someone is living in the place now. Emily gets into a violent fight with this imposter. She gets the upper hand, but not before being stabbed with a syringe.Emily realizes that the man in the cabin was working for Victoria. She believes he was looking for a DNA sample. Emily realizes there one person who can link Victoria to her father’s frame-up. Aiden confronts Michelle Banks, the therapist who tried to brainwash Emily when she was still a young Amanda Clarke. Too bad Victoria got to her first. Banks drugged Aiden’s tea. It contains a toxin that leads to paralysis. Aiden tries to choke Victoria. The poison is too powerful. Victoria is able to take a pillow and suffocate Aiden to death.Emily is overjoyed when a news report states that her father’s conviction has been overturned. David Clarke is officially declared an innocent man. Her joy over this news is short-lived when she returns home to find Aiden’s lifeless body sitting in front of the fireplace. Nolan tries to comfort his distraught friend by letting her know that he felt broken for most of his life. That all changed when he met her. Emily knows Victoria is behind all this. That’s why she tells the authorities that Aiden’s death was a suicide. She wants Victoria all to herself.Emily confronts Michelle Banks about her role in what’s happened. The fact that she’s sorry is not enough. Later, Emily tries to convince Charlotte that she needs to move her father’s body from its gravesite for safety’s sake. Their meeting doesn’t go well. Emily vows to take care of it herself. She is digging up the grave when Victoria steps out of the shadows. A venomous exchange of words takes place. Emily assures Victoria that she’s not actually digging up her father’s grave just before knocking her unconscious with a shovel.Conrad is a hated man in prison. Even one of the guards tries to kill him. Conrad prays for death as he weeps. The guard who tried to kill him approaches. As it turns out, the earlier beating was just an act to throw off suspicion now that he’s helping Conrad escape. A car approaches in the distance. Conrad is shocked to see a ghost from his past step out from behind the wheel. It’s David Clarke. He pulls out a knife and stabs Conrad, who is left bleeding in the middle of an isolated road in the dead of night.Charlotte suspects that Jack may have had a role in her kidnapping. She tells the authorities. Jack is now a suspect. A hungover Daniel awakens to find one of the women he and Gideon were checking out at the bar dead in the bed. Nolan is shocked when he sees a photo of this scene. Gideon says the girl overdosed on the coke his paid her with to cozy up to Daniel. He wants to use the picture for blackmail purposes.Victoria awakens to find herself strapped down to a bed inside of a psychiatric hospital. Emily assures her that this is all for her own good. After all, she’s been obsessing about Amanda Clarke lately. Proof of this comes in the form of reports offered by her regular therapist, Dr. Michelle Banks. Victoria screams madly that the woman behind all this is the real Amanda Clarke as the doctor injects her with a sedative. Emily bids farewell to the former Queen of the Hamptons. She makes a satisfied exit as Victoria’s frantic screams echo throughout the hospital halls.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Daniel is Set Up Emily & Victoria at the Cemetery Emily Clears David Clarke's Name "She's Amanda Clarke!" Victoria Kills Aiden! David Clarke Returns
1009242674##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch Revenge Season 4 Full Episodes - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show When Emily Thorne arrived in the Hamptons, she appeared to be nothing more than the friendly, sophisticated "girl next door." But Emily is more than what she seems. When she was a child, her father was framed then murdered by the people he trusted most, leaving her to be consumed by loss, betrayal and rage. Since then, Emily\'s every social overture has been carefully planned to bring the opulent lives of her enemies crashing down around them. But now, having achieved her goal of taking the Graysons down, a new truth has come to light... her father is ALIVE! How will she continue when the biggest motive behind her revenge is no longer true?? continue reading S4 Ep 14 Kindred Nolan's wedding reception gets a dose of southern inhospitality. 01/25/15 Season 4 NR V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Undercover Love "Thanks for Coming Mom" "Daniel Died a Hero" more clips The Red X Report: Episode 414 Kindred By ABC Jan 26, 2015 more articles S4 Ep 13 Abduction Emily and Victoria must work together or they'll die alone. 01/18/15 Season 4 NR V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Louise and Nolan Get Married more clips The Red X Report: Episode 413 Abduction By ABC Jan 19, 2015 more articles S4 Ep 12 Madness Emily and David look to turn their backs on the Hamptons for good. 01/11/15 Season 4 NR watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles The Jig Is Up...Or Is It? Lyman the Liar more clips S4 Ep 11 Epitaph Victoria and Emily reunite against a common enemy; David takes action to protect the ones he loves. 01/04/15 Season 4 NR LVS watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Dead Bodies and Broken Tail Lights more clips S4 Ep 10 Atonement A new woman enters Jack's life; Louise and Nolan bring Southern charm to East Hampton. 12/07/14 Season 4 PG V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles "Done Running" more clips S4 Ep 9 Intel Emily and Victoria learn information is a dangerous weapon; Nolan tries to salvage his reputation. 11/30/14 Season 4 PG DLSV watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Check, Please! A Toast to Liars Not Without My Daughter Margaux is Pregnant Room Service SNEAK PEEK: He Will Choose Emily more clips The Red X Report: Episode 409 Intel By ABC Dec 01, 2014 The Red X Report: Episode 410 Atonement By ABC Dec 08, 2014 The Red X Report: Episode 411 Epitaph By ABC Jan 05, 2015 more articles S4 Ep 8 Contact The FBI closes in on Victoria, leaving her future hanging in the balance; a new enemy makes a move. 11/16/14 Season 4 TV-PG DLSV watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Louise Joins Daniel in the Shower David Yells at Emily Infinity Times Infinity Jack Restrains Belligerent Ben Victoria Flatlines Herself Nolan and Loony Louise more clips The Red X Report: Episode 408 Contact By ABC Nov 17, 2014 more articles S4 Ep 7 Ambush Daniel confronts Emily about her secrets; things heat up between Margaux and Louise. 11/09/14 Season 4 TV-PG DLV watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles David Questions Emily about Amanda Does Victoria Become Road Kill? Mommie Dearest "Was Any of it Real?" David Hits the Strip Club Margaux Dumps Daniel more clips The Red X Report: Episode 407 Ambush By ABC Nov 10, 2014 more articles S4 Ep 6 Damage Emily worries that Charlotte cannot be saved from her worsening downward spiral. 11/02/14 Season 4 TV-PG DLV watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Emily Helps Charlotte Hide the Evidence Victoria Threatens Louise David Confronts Nolan on Live TV Charlotte Goes to Rehab Charlotte Kills Her One-Night Stand David Punches Nolan more clips The Red X Report: Episode 406 Damage By ABC Nov 03, 2014 more articles S4 Ep 5 Repercussions With Victoria in control and David Clarke in the headlines, Emily works on a new strategy. 10/26/14 Season 4 TV-PG L watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Emily Needs Charlotte's Help David Meets His Fake Grandson David Has Questions For Nolan David Vows Revenge Emily & David's Song Daniel Can't Resist Louise more clips The Red X Report: Episode 405 Repercussions By ABC Oct 27, 2014 more articles S4 Ep 4 Meteor An unexpected revelation shakes Emily to the core; Victoria sinks her claws deeper into David. 10/19/14 Season 4 TV-PG LV watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles David Is Arrested Emily's Emotional Reaction Will Daniel Fall For Louise's Southern Charm? Victoria Got to David First David Clarke Goes Free Two Cops, One Girl more clips The Red X Report: Episode 404 Meteor By ABC Oct 20, 2014 more articles S4 Ep 3 Ashes Emily is in danger as Victoria plans a potentially lethal family reunion. 10/12/14 Season 4 TV-PG V watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Surprise Victoria! It's Louise from Claremont Jack Saves Emily's Life Charlotte Meets David Jack Demands the Truth From Emily Buckle Up Sweetheart Ben Flirts With Emily more clips The Red X Report: Episode 403 Ashes By ABC Oct 13, 2014 more articles S4 Ep 2 Disclosure Emily encounters former friends and a longtime enemy as she searches desperately for Victoria. 10/05/14 Season 4 TV-PG watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Emily Tries to Save Charlotte Victoria Kicks David in the Face Emily Tells Charlotte the Truth Margaux & Daniel Take Down Gideon Victoria Wants David to Take Down Emily Thorne "Goodbye Sis" more clips S4 Ep 1 Season 4 Premiere: Renaissance Emily plans her most surprising party yet; Victoria turns a major setback into an advantage. 09/28/14 Season 4 TV-PG watchpreviewrecapclipsphotosarticles Victoria Makes It Rain Emily the Addict Emily Is the New Owner of Grayson Manor Emily Remembers Aiden Margaux and Nolan Talk at the Party Jack the Cop more clips Sneak Preview of the Season 4 Premiere! By ABC Sep 10, 2014 First Look at Season 4! By ABC Sep 02, 2014 The Red X Report: Episode 402 Disclosure By ABC Oct 06, 2014 more articles
1009242675##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Page Not Found - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Oops, your web browser has JavaScript turned off. Abc.com is not designed to work without JavaScript, please enable it to get the full user experience. AbcFamily.com is not designed to work without JavaScript, please enable it to get the full user experience. Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out Find your favorite show here or go back to the homepage.
1009242676##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Impetus | Season 3 Episode 21 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 05/05/14 Season 3 TV-PG L,V Charlotte is bound and gagged by a masked figure. She’s tied to a chair in a rundown TV studio. The masked figure places a newspaper featuring a cover story about Pascal’s death on Charlotte’s lap. Her captor leaves the studio and removes his mask. It’s Aiden. He steps over to Emily, who is recording Charlotte with a video camera. She sends the image to Conrad demanding in a disguised voice that he confess to framing an innocent man. Emily emphatically lets a worried Nolan know that this plan doesn’t end until Victoria and Conrad are behind bars.Conrad tries to contact one of his hired guns. He wants to meet with him at the wharf. He has no idea that his voicemail message was intercepted by Nolan. A box is waiting for him at the wharf. It contains a video of Charlotte being smacked around. A bloody ear is also found inside to warn that Conrad to not disobey orders again. Charlotte was never really hurt. The video came courtesy of the MyClone app. Nolan asks Emily what it’ll be like to go back to being Amanda Clarke when all this is over. The truth is she has no idea who that person is anymore.Victoria is still mourning the loss of Pascal. She vows that Conrad will pay. Emily, too. She and Daniel have a hunch Ems was the Homeland Security agent that was in contact with Pascal. Margaux is surprised to learn that Daniel shares her belief that Conrad killed her father. She found security footage of an unidentifiable woman who was at the scene. As for Victoria, she swipes a sampling from little Carl. She is later horrified when Conrad tells her Charlotte has been abducted.Charlotte is shown videos to prove that Conrad framed David Clarke. He had help with the cover-up that claimed even more lives including Declan. Jack is concerned when he hears from Javier that Charlotte is missing. He tracks down Emily, Aiden and Nolan. Jack is shocked to see what they are doing to Charlotte. Aiden agrees that things are getting out of hand. Charlotte needs something to calm down. Emily agrees to get her a sedative. A detective stops her before she can return. Daniel is behind this.Aiden assures Jack that he will see the girl he once cherished again once the plan comes to fruition. When he’s left alone at the TV station, Jack frees Charlotte. She has no idea it’s him as he leads her back to the outskirts of Grayson Manor. As for Aiden, he attacks Daniel in the police station. The detective releases Emily. He has a hunch about her and believes Daniel Grayson should be worried. Speaking of Daniel, he shares a somewhat intimate moment with Margaux outside the police station.Conrad is shocked to see Charlotte return moments before he’s to confess in a press conference. His daughter is unhurt but angry. Charlotte knows he’s to blame for the terrorist bombing of Flight 197. She threatens to go to the police. Conrad assures her that’s not going to happen. If she even thinks of crossing him he will erase her has he has done to so many others. Conrad has no idea that his confession is being broadcast to the world thanks to a camera that was attached to Charlotte’s jacket.The authorities arrive to take Conrad in. Victoria opens the front door for them. She bids Conrad adieu while hoping that he rots in hell. Just down the beach, Emily is happy that Conrad has been taken down. Victoria is still out there though. Aiden wants her to think about that tomorrow as he kisses her. Their lip-lock is cut short by a visit from Jack, who now realizes why Aiden had asked him to let Charlotte go. That’s not why he’s there though. Jack tells Emily about the shrine that was made to her father at the house where the letters from David Clarke were traced. The ring he found was, indeed, her father’s.Victoria was never going to attend the press conference with Conrad. She was sure that Charlotte was never in any real danger. She was right about that. She also assures Daniel that she was right about Emily Thorne. She now has some sort of proof about her suspicions. As for Conrad, he realizes Emily was behind his undoing when she visits him in prison. He wishes her the best as she now focuses on Victoria.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Conrad Realizes Emily Was Behind His Downfall Jack Interrupts Aiden & Emily Conrad Is Arrested Emily Brings Down Conrad!
1009242677##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Ashes | Season 4 Episode 3 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/13/14 Season 4 TV-PG V Fire rages as the Stowaway is engulfed in flames. Jack rushes inside to find Emily unconscious on the floor. He shields her from the ensuing blasts. The fire department arrives on the scene as Jack carries Emily out to safety. Charlotte watches from afar through the smoke and chaos before exiting the scene. Emily makes no mention of the fact that her suddenly-homicidal half-sis was inside the building with her when the fire broke out.Jack learns that Charlotte was, indeed, at the Stowaway when the fire started. She lied to an onlooker about nobody being inside. Emily confirms that Charlotte knocked her out and left her for dead. She’ll deal with this turn of events in her own way. She’s going to try to get through to Charlotte even though she has no real plan. As for Jack, he tells Emily that he’s not going to rebuild the Stowaway.Margaux declines Daniel’s invitation to spend the night after a round of lovemaking. Elsewhere, Victoria wants David to lay low in a cabin until she can see her banker about getting some funds together. She doesn’t want to share him until he has to. Victoria learns that all her assets are either frozen or gone. Daniel clues her in on Charlotte’s latest escapades. Neither of them notices Louise, Victoria’s roomie in the mental institution, watching them from afar.Louise tracks down Victoria on the street. She offers to help with her situation. Victoria politely dismisses her vowing that she’ll be in touch when things change. Elsewhere, Charlotte’s pill-popping gets put on hold when her mom shows up. She confirms that Emily Thorne is Amanda Clarke. She admits that she tried to kill her. Victoria promises Charlotte that she’ll protect her. She lets her know that her real father is alive. They can’t tell him that his other daughter is also amongst the living. Moments later, David meets Charlotte for the first time.Emily shows up at the cabin while David is away. Victoria pulls a shotgun on her. Emily apologizes to Charlotte and taunts her archenemy to fire away. Victoria refuses to do so. That would be too easy. She owes her much more than a quick death. Emily heads back to her car where Jack’s partner happens to be on patrol. He offers to get to know Emily better. That’s probably not going to happen anytime soon.Victoria fills in David on how Emily is now after Charlotte. She wants him to stay put to protect her. David has other ideas in mind as he heads out into the world with a knife hidden on his person. As for Victoria, she needs money. So she heads of to attempt to tap one more source. That would be Margaux, who offers to give her a loan.Daniel’s friend, Jamie, lets him know that he’s persona non grata in the business world. The hits just keep on coming when Daniel is booted from his hotel room due to unpaid rent. He overhears Louise yelling at someone on the phone while drowning his sorrows in the bar. He perks up when she lets it slip that she’s rich. Let the flirting begin!A worried Nolan sets up surveillance cameras inside the manor. He sees a hooded figure entering Emily’s bedroom as she sleeps. It’s David. He stares down at his prey with his knife drawn. He doesn’t act though. Moments later, Nolan storms into the room. He fires a shot at the intruder. David jumps out the window. He escapes without Emily or Nolan having gotten a clear look at just who this intruder was.continue reading Surprise Victoria! It's Louise from Claremont Jack Saves Emily's Life Charlotte Meets David Jack Demands the Truth From Emily Buckle Up Sweetheart Ben Flirts With Emily David Attempts to Kill Emily Sneak Peek: How Did You Know About Emily?
1009242678##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Season 4 Premiere: Renaissance | Season 4 premier Episode 1 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 09/29/14 Season 4 TV-PG Victoria Grayson has spent six months locked away in a psychiatric facility. She tells a group of fellow patients that she has been reborn. Her transformation began after the death of her former husband, Conrad. She made her peace with others, including Emily Thorne. This may not be entirely true as she enlists help from a friend to swipe an orderly’s cell phone. It seems the former Queen of the Hamptons has a plan—one that doesn’t come to fruition after she places a call only to find Emily on the other end of the line.Memorial Day is approaching. Nolan’s hopes that his best friend in revenge will use their upcoming party to announce that she is, in fact, Amanda Clarke, are quickly dashed. Emily assures that this will be nothing more than a party to open the summer season. No arrests. No blackmail. No takedowns whatsoever. Hopefully there will at least be some spinach dip in the place formerly known as Grayson Manor which is now Emily’s new home.While driving Nolan’s snazzy new car, Emily accidentally backs into a local woman’s car. She invites the irate auto owner to her upcoming bash where she’ll give her a check to cover the cost of the damage. Nolan is impressed to see Ems resolving conflict without the use of a red Sharpie. Back at the manor, they meet with Dennis and Jennifer, two folks behind an organization known as the South Hampton Yacht Club. Emily has helped with fundraising. These two owned a yacht that was involved in an accident with a small fishing boat where a man was killed.Jack completes his first day on the job as a rookie cop. Charlotte gives him a scare after his shift by picking up Carl from daycare. It was unexpected, seeing as how they haven’t been in contact for six months. Charlotte is still ticked at Jack for tying her up in that room. She doesn’t believe that he wasn’t the one behind it all. Jack gives Emily the scoop on what went down with Carl. Emily promises that one way or another she will make things better with Charlotte.Daniel is living the party life spending time with lots of lovely ladies. Margaux is mad at him for quitting as her number two. She’s also dealing with her brother, Gideon, who seems to be in the States to stay. Daniel invites Charlotte to move in with him. She’d rather just have a check to pay rent on her own place. Daniel agrees to spot her the cash even though the look on his face suggests he can’t afford to do so. In truth, he’s been selling off whatever he can to give the illusion that he’s still living a lavish lifestyle.Emily notices what appears to be movement inside her old beach house. Memories of Aiden’s death rush in once she enters the premises. Emily leaves without noticing the figure hiding in the shadows. It’s David Clarke. He has returned to settle some unfinished business. In other news, Victoria gets a new roommate in the institution. Her name is Louise. She was locked away by her mother. Victoria comforts her new, young roomie. Once again, she has a plan. This one actually works and Victoria makes a daring escape.On the day of her big Memorial Day party, Emily presents a generous check to the woman whose car she hit. The lady’s name is Nancy, and she’s had a rough year. She recently lost her fiancé. Jennifer gets an uneasy look when she sees Nancy pass through the crowd. There’s other trouble in another part of the house when Jack’s commanding officer, Ben, catches Charlotte doing drugs. He wants to arrest her. Jack convinces him to give her a pass.Emily calls upon Dennis to christen their new yacht. He’s surprised when the name on the side of the vessel is revealed to be “Valerie.” Jennifer knows that’s the name of his mistress. She freaks out on Dennis saying she’s through being his alibi. Jennifer claims that Dennis is responsible for killing Nancy’s fiancé. Remember that concept of no takedowns at the party? Nolan realizes that was a lie. Emily had hoped to make things right for Nancy after she came across her story. However, her plan backfires. Nancy only feels more pain now. Nolan is furious at Emily, who tells him to get out of her house.Daniel fesses up to Margaux as to the real reason why he stepped down from the magazine. He tells her about the girl who OD’d in his bed. Gideon took a photo of the scene to blackmail him. There’s a chance that he killed her. Gideon is a bad guy and he’s currently getting Charlotte more and more hooked on drugs.Emily calls Nolan to explain why she did what she did regarding Nancy. A thirst for revenge has become a part of her. She’s not sure what she would do without it. The phone call is cut short when the doorbell rings. Victoria is on the front step vowing revenge. Emily welcomes her back just before closing the door on her. As Victoria steps away, a figure grabs her. It’s David Clarke. Victoria is face-to-face with him as he shoves a rag into her mouth moments before she’s rendered unconscious in his arms.continue reading Victoria Makes It Rain Emily the Addict Emily Is the New Owner of Grayson Manor Emily Remembers Aiden Margaux and Nolan Talk at the Party Jack the Cop David Clarke Finds Victoria Sneak Peek: Emily vs. Victoria
1009242679##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Page Not Found - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Oops, your web browser has JavaScript turned off. Abc.com is not designed to work without JavaScript, please enable it to get the full user experience. AbcFamily.com is not designed to work without JavaScript, please enable it to get the full user experience. Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out Find your favorite show here or go back to the homepage.
1009242680##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Disclosure | Season 4 Episode 2 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/06/14 Season 4 TV-PG David Clarke stands before Victoria after she awakens in his old beach house. He wants to know the truth. Victoria claims she was scared and regrets all that she’s done. David doesn’t buy it. He begins choking her. Then…FLASH! Victoria awakens from a dream to find herself in the back of a car. David is in the front seat driving to an unknown destination. When the car comes to a stop, Victoria makes a break for it through woods. David tackles her, assuring that there’s no way he’s losing her again.David leads Victoria through a sewer system to show her the hidden room where he’s obviously been living. He wants to know if she betrayed him. Victoria claims Conrad kept her silent by threatening her children. David believes her. He still loves her. David reveals that he was, indeed, stabbed in prison. After he regained consciousness, he was out. He believes his daughter is dead. He doesn’t want to lose anyone else. He wants to be part of Victoria’s life along with Charlotte.Margaux and Daniel team up to get Gideon out of their lives. Their target thwarts his sister’s attempt to bad mouth him to the board. Gideon is off to try to seal a deal where the magazine would absorb a competing news giant. That’s fine with Margaux. This is all part of her plan to have her brother’s drug ties exposed during a merger meeting. As for Charlotte, she’s devastated when she finds Gideon in bed with another woman. She turns to drugs. Emily looks up to see her despondent half-sis standing on the ledge of a tall building.Emily rushes to try to save Charlotte. She begs to let her explain. It’s no use. Charlotte is too far gone. She steps over the ledge, but is tackled before she can jump by a police officer. Jack storms through the roof door. He reports that the jumper has been apprehended by his commanding officer, Ben, who doesn’t believe Emily’s presence there was a coincidence. He finds her interesting though. Jack discourages his partner from pursuing anything with her.Jack brings Charlotte to Emily’s place. The truth finally comes out. Emily admits that she’s the one who kidnapped her. She further tells her that she’s her sister. She’s Amanda Clarke. Emily discloses her past to Charlotte. She admits that she once tried to take her own life as well. Emily pulls out the Infinity Box. Their father’s journals are inside. Emily hopes they will give her the strength to survive. Charlotte is angry that her half-sis chose revenge over her. She smashes the Infinity Box before rushing out.Gideon believes his sister and Daniel set him up. Margaux tries to prove him wrong. She blames everything on Daniel as she make a call to set up another meeting. Unfortunately, the news giant’s CEO is on a plane to London. Gideon accepts Margaux’s offer to send him overseas as well. Drugs are found on his carry-on as he tries to catch his flight. He’s promptly arrested. Margaux orchestrated everything once she realized Gideon was a murderer. She later meets up with Daniel as two of them give in to passion.David admits to Victoria that he killed Conrad. He did it for her. He’d do anything for her. With this confession, Victoria takes his hand. She thanks him. David wants to finally meet his daughter. Victoria admits that her relationship with Charlotte is strained. This is due to the actions of one vengeful person who must be stopped. David wants to help. Victoria reveals the identity of this individual. Her name is Emily Thorne.Charlotte calls Emily. They meet at the Stowaway. Charlotte turns over a notebook with all that she wants to say and ask. As Emily reads, she’s knocked unconscious from behind. Charlotte pours turpentine throughout the floor of the Stowaway. A fire is ignited. Soon the entire place is engulfed in flames. Charlotte bids her unconscious half-sis adieu as she staggers outside. She tells others who are rushing to the scene that the she was the only one who was inside as the fire at the Stowaway rages on.continue reading Emily Tries to Save Charlotte Victoria Kicks David in the Face Emily Tells Charlotte the Truth Margaux & Daniel Take Down Gideon Victoria Wants David to Take Down Emily Thorne "Goodbye Sis" Sneak Peek: David Demands the Truth
1009242681##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Meteor | Season 4 Episode 4 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/20/14 Season 4 TV-PG LV Emily doesn’t want to call the cops about the knife-wielding intruder who was inside her bedroom. She fears Charlotte might be involved. That doesn’t stop Nolan from reporting the break-in. Jack wants to investigate to see if Victoria is involved. Emily can’t stop him from doing his job. That means Jack will also arrest her if anything happens to Victoria. He later questions Ben about his intentions with Emily, as he’s just looking to uncomplicated things at the moment.Victoria knows that David needs an explanation for where he’s been before he reemerges. He also needs an alibi for the night Conrad was killed. Victoria says she will handle all this. As for David, he seems a tad unstable as he takes a chain and begins whipping himself in the back. A short time later, he’s arrested for shoplifting. Ben realizes he matches the description of the person who broke into Emily’s house. He asks her to come down to the station.Jack preps the lineup of suspects. He recognizes David Clarke immediately. Jack wants to speak to Emily alone, but that’s against protocol. Emily is brought in to view the suspects. She asks to get a closer look at Number 3. Emily steps closer to the one way mirror. She breaks down in tears. She tells Ben that it’s not the man who broke into her home. Emily rushes out of the police station. She tells Nolan about David. She tells him that her father is alive.While in New York, a police friend lets Victoria know that David Clarke has been arrested back in the Hamptons. David tells the feds that Conrad Grayson had him locked away. He tortured him. David claims that he fears Conrad will find him. He already knows that can’t happen, as he’s the one who killed him. David’s story that he was beaten and tortured for 10 years hits the news. Victoria is impressed at how he just cleared himself of any wrongdoing whatsoever. She pledges her allegiance to him.Daniel has a meeting with Louise Ellis. He’s looking to reel her in for his wealth management firm. Later, Victoria gives Daniel an envelope full of money without revealing that she got it from Margaux. Her son already knows this. Victoria storms off refusing a drink that was anonymously sent her way by Louise Ellis, who then meets with Daniel. The two of them share war stories about their mothers. Then some poolside flirtation ensues.Charlotte is going down the pill-popping road again until Victoria tells her that if she truly wants a relationship with her father then she needs to fight for it. In other news, Emily needs to see her dad now. She rushes down to the press conference that’s being held. Emily sees her father usher Victoria and Charlotte out to stand by his side. She’s devastated. Nolan wonders what just happened. An utterly defeated Emily says, “She got to him first.”continue reading David Is Arrested Emily's Emotional Reaction Will Daniel Fall For Louise's Southern Charm? Victoria Got to David First David Clarke Goes Free Two Cops, One Girl Sneak Peek: Emily Comes Face-to-Face With Her Father
1009242682##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Damage | Season 4 Episode 6 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/03/14 Season 4 TV-PG DLV Charlotte awakens in the apartment of the man she went home with the night before. His name is Vince. Charlotte realizes that he’s not a good guy. He’s using her as bait to catch a fish he’s been after for a very long time. Even though Vince is armed with a handgun, Charlotte fights him. She manages to get the upper hand. Vince falls backwards onto a floor breaking his neck. A trembling Charlotte points the gun at him unsure of what to do next. She finds a file folder with info on David Clarke.Charlotte calls Emily for help. She shows her the newspaper clippings she found. Vince’s car key matches the one used in the automobile that tried to run down David. Emily says the guy was a relative of one of the victims of the flight David was accused of downing. He apparently didn’t believe he was innocent. Emily helps Charlotte clean up her mess. During their blunt chat, some truths come out. Charlotte is shocked to hear that Aiden Mathis was murdered by her mother.Page 6 does a story on how Louise Ellis has hired Daniel to manage her millions. Victoria says the girl is mentally unbalanced. She fesses up about being in the psych ward with her. Louise has delusions that her relationship with Victoria is more involved than it truly is. She’s crushed when the queen brings her back to reality. Victoria leaves Louise twisting as she meets with Margaux, who lets her know that she can’t interfere with her interview with David, who has asked Nolan to join him on TV.Emily watches the video of her father explaining how he was imprisoned. She has a gut instinct that he’s hiding something. Emily needs help investigating, but Nolan’s busy at the moment. He’s at the live TV interview. As David details his time away, Emily is searching the dungy place where he was living. During the TV chat, David blindsides Nolan. He accuses him of never giving his daughter the money she was owed. Nolan looks as though he was punched in the gut. He leaves the interview unable to respond.David shows up at Nolan’s place later that night. Once again, he accuses him of stealing the money he left for his daughter. David sucker punches Nolan in the face. He leaves the premises just before Emily arrives. Nolan declares that her lies have finally caught up to him.Charlotte tells Victoria that she’s checking herself into rehab. A large part of why she’s doing this is to get away from her. She knows what she did to Aiden. She blames Victoria for tearing their family apart. Charlotte then lets her brother in on her rehab plans. She also needs to tell him something about Emily.The ex-cop who beat up Conrad just before he was killed is now dead, too. Ben wants to pursue the matter. He questions the dead ex-cop’s daughter to find out he took an early retirement after winning big in Atlantic City. He was also trying to sell the house as if he was trying to get out of town fast. Ben checks out the ex-cop’s garage. There’s a double infinity sign etched on a post. Jack finally decides to join his partner in investigating this cold case.David realizes that, with a daughter he believes to be dead and a friend he believes betrayed him, Victoria is the only person left from his past life. He wants her to stay with him always. Elsewhere, Emily tells Nolan about the guy Charlotte killed. He wasn’t a fanatic who didn’t believe in David Clarke’s innocence. He was something else. But what? Emily believes the place where David claims he was held was staged. If her father is lying about that, then he’s lying about everything.continue reading Emily Helps Charlotte Hide the Evidence Victoria Threatens Louise David Confronts Nolan on Live TV Charlotte Goes to Rehab Charlotte Kills Her One-Night Stand David Punches Nolan Sneak Peek: What Will David Say on Live TV?
1009242683##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Repercussions | Season 4 Episode 5 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 10/27/14 Season 4 TV-PG L David visits what he believes is his daughter’s gravesite. Victoria is by his side. Throngs of reporters snap pictures of them. Emily sees footage of this on TV. She takes her frustrations about Victoria getting to her dad first on a poor, defenseless punching bag. Later, she’s in a crowd of onlookers when a speeding car tries to run down David, who is determined to find out what really happened to his daughter.Jack is being harassed by reporters to the point where his sergeant forces him to sit out his shift. His partner, Ben, wonders why Conrad Grayson’s murder case is just gathering dust. He decides to do some digging. He believes that Jack may be the killer until he learns he had an airtight alibi. That doesn’t mean he won’t stop digging. It’ll be tougher to do once his boss forces him to turn over the file.Emily pleads with Charlotte to help her get close to her father. Nolan fears she is rushing to meet a man who doesn’t exist anymore. As for Emily, she thwarts Margaux’s attempt to get a David Clarke exclusive. She then receives a text from Charlotte. It’s an invitation to her father’s hotel room. David isn’t there. He’s been brought to Jack’s place to meet his grandson (who isn’t really his grandson). The only person waiting for Emily in the hotel room is Victoria, who taunts her to tell David who she is.Charlotte taunts Jack with veiled comments as David meets little Carl. She’s manipulating things to cause trouble. David visits Nolan when he learns that Amanda was living above a bar. He thinks he may not have given his daughter the Infinity Box and everything else he left for her. Nolan tells him to not believe everything everyone tells him. He later tells Emily that there’s still a chance she can reconnect with her dad.Daniel continues to get close to Louise, who continues to flirt with him relentlessly. He gives her the idea that he’s a free agent. The two of them succumb to passion. Elsewhere, Emily apologizes to Margaux for how she acted. She wants to do something for David. It helps Margaux circumvent Victoria’s media blackout of David. It involves having Daniel giving him the deed to his old beach house. Margaux gets an exclusive interview as part of this deal.Margaux wants exclusive rights to cover David Clarke. Victoria makes a deal where she gets final approval before anything airs. As for Daniel, he lets Louise know that their time together in the bedroom was a one-time thing. They can still do business together though. Louise appears to be okay with this. Then she gets angry and calls someone at Page 6. She has a story to tell about Daniel Grayson.Emily knows her father needs time to recover. She’ll win him back honestly, with the truth. When he’s ready, she’ll let him know that she’s still here. Emily hears music playing from her new neighbor’s house. It’s a song she used to dance to with her dad. Jack lets her know that he doesn’t want to lie to David again about Carl. He also says that he only wants her to be happy.An intoxicated Charlotte gets into a cab with a strange man. She’s likely looking to feel numb after Jack accused her of being just like Conrad. Back at the beach house, David writes a note to Amanda. He believes she was wronged by someone he trusted. There must be repercussions for this. David vows to his daughter that he will have revenge.continue reading Emily Needs Charlotte's Help David Meets His Fake Grandson David Has Questions For Nolan David Vows Revenge Emily & David's Song Daniel Can't Resist Louise SNEAK PEEK: David Clarke Almost Becomes Roadkill
1009242684##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Atonement | Season 4 Episode 10 Watch Full Episode - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Your browser appears to have JavaScript disabled which may interfere with your ability to use this site. You can find out how to enable JavaScript by clicking the help icon to the right. × Close Title Message More Info | OK 42:44 12/07/14 Season 4 TV-PG V David tells Victoria that he needs to deal with Malcolm Black. He looks up an old cellmate for some drugs that will kill a man while making it look like a stroke. While David is away, Kate pays a visit to Victoria. She confronts her about the photo of Emily she anonymously sent her way. Victoria threatens to expose Kate as an associate of Malcolm Black unless she leaves her and David alone. She challenges her to uncover Emily Thorne’s connection to all this.Nolan offers to make Louise cohost of his yacht club event. He also offers to help her with the situation involving her brother. In other news, Emily believes that federal agent Kate Taylor is dirty. She may also be her only way to find Malcolm Black. Speaking of Kate, she’s taking a few vacation days. Jack invites her to Nolan’s reopening of the yacht club. He’s reluctant to buy into Emily’s theory that Kate is dangerous.David secretly approached Emily at Nolan’s yacht club event. He warns her to not come running when she hears there’s trouble. It’s all part of a larger plan. Emily can’t let him go after Malcolm Black alone. She knows that she can get to this dangerous man via a certain FBI agent. Kate figures things out. She knows that Emily is really Amanda Clarke. She claims Black is holding her mother in order to force her to do his bidding.Margaux refuses to take Daniel back even with a baby on the way. She accuses him of being like his father. This has Daniel recalling memories of how Conrad used to spin things to always serve his best interests. The little people are just insignificant ants.Victoria learns about the pregnancy. She tells Margaux that a child deserves a father. Daniel loves her. Victoria believes that Margaux loves him, too. She meets with Daniel, who lays out the truth that their family is a bunch of cowards. He’s done running though. He hopes she is, too.Daniel recalls the time he wrote a letter to his father. It was all about doing the right thing. Conrad shows up just before Daniel is to face judgment. He convinces his son to not throw away his family legacy. In the present day, Margaux calls Daniel. She tries to tell him that she was wrong about what she said. Neither of them wants to be like their fathers. Margaux asks him to come home. Daniel, who is visiting the beach by his old house, is quietly overjoyed.David returns home to share a glass of wine. He slips the powder he got from his former cellmate into one of the glasses. Victoria is about to take a sip from the poisoned wine. She stops when her conscience leads her to tell the truth about how she helped Conrad frame David. She betrayed him. She was afraid of him because he never told her the truth about her first wife. She used David to get her and Daniel out of a dire situation.Emily pats down Kate to find her unregistered gun. She returns the weapon after the two of them agree to work together. Kate lets Emily know that her father stole lots of money from Malcolm Black. He funneled it to charities all over the world. Kate claims that Malcolm believes David kept the loot. She wants Emily to wire her own money into a private account to draw him out. Then they can pounce. Emily doesn’t buy it though. She calls out Kate, who draws her gun and admits that Malcolm Black is actually her father.Emily reveals that their entire conversation has been captured by her hidden security cameras. She also slipped the bullet cartridge out of Kate’s gun. A violent battle of hand-to-hand combat ensues. Jack realizes that Emily is in danger. He races to her house as Emily gets the upper hand on Kate. It doesn’t last. Kate and Emily plunge off the second floor balcony. Daniel hears the commotion from the beach. He rushes to the house.Emily is hurt. She struggles to move. Kate gathers her gun. She searches for the clip. She finds it just as Daniel arrives. BANG! BANG! BANG! Daniel is shot in the chest. Kate points her gun at Emily. BANG! BANG! BANG! Kate is shot by Jack as he arrives on the scene. Daniel clutches the letter he wrote to his father all those years ago about how we can all chose to hide as villains or live as heroes. Emily begs Daniel to hang on, but that’s no something he’ll be able to do. His eyes close and his body goes limp.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness "Done Running" Victoria's Chat with Kate That Girl is Poison Emily vs. Kate Kate Kills Daniel SNEAK PEEK: Two Ships SNEAK PEEK: Larger Plan
1009242685##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Epitaph | Season 4 Episode 11 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 01/05/15 Season 4 NR LVS BANG! BANG! BANG! Victoria and David hear the gunshots that rang out in “Atonement.” They rush over to Grayson Manor. Victoria sees Daniel’s bloody body on the floor. She’s devastated. David knows that Malcolm Black will kill them all once he finds out his daughter is dead. Jack suggests that they make sure this very bad man doesn’t ever get this very bad news. A plan is set in motion. An elaborate lie is told where Emily claims she killed Daniel in self-defense.While hacking his way into showing that dead Agent Kate is actually vacationing in Miami, Nolan uncovers the FAA locator numbers for every one of Malcolm Black’s private planes. He’s off to finish cleanup on the crime when a distraught Louise pops by. She asks to stay at his place for a while.Victoria is furious with David for the lies he’s helping to perpetrate about her son. She can’t be around him. David’s solution to this is having her stay with Emily. He orders the two of them to play nice while he disposes of a body. When a distraught and suspicious Margaux arrives, Victoria says she believes Emily acted in self-defense.Jack struggles with the fact that he shot and killed a women he’d been intimate with not so long ago. Nolan snaps him out of it so they can clean out Kate’s hotel room. He finds an envelope amongst her things. Later, Louise is asked by Victoria to do a little snooping at Nolan’s place. She finds the envelope that was taken from the hotel room.Emily ignores Jack’s advice to avoid police questioning after such a traumatic event. Ben says that Daniel wasn’t drunk. He also reveals that he was going to be a father. Emily is able to spin the interrogation to her advantage with a reasonable explanation as to why Daniel had no defensive wounds. She killed him only when she had no choice.Chief Alvarez pulls over David. He orders him to open the back doors to his van. There’s nothing inside. Much like his daughter, it seems David Clarke always has a plan. He tipped off some of Malcolm Black’s enemies that he’d be in Miami. In other news, Ben realizes Jack is off his game lately because of Kate. He thinks she really did a number on him.Margaux vows to make it her life’s mission to make Emily pay for Daniel’s death. She bans her from attending the funeral with the blessing of Victoria, who enjoys a memory of her son before the ceremony. As for Emily, she learns that her father was planning on killing Victoria. She also has flashbacks of Daniel as she watches the funeral service from afar.As Victoria says her final goodbye to her son, she asks Louise to destroy the envelope she swiped. It’s her way of avoiding any future funerals. That sentiment may not be fulfilled so easily. Nolan lets David know there’s been a bloodbath in Miami. An unidentified arms dealer has turned up dead and in pieces.Ted Powell of the FBI rolls into town trying to track down Kate. He asks Chief Alvarez if she was working with anyone on his team. Jack’s name is divulged. Alvarez is ready to give his rookie a call until it’s revealed that this guy isn’t really with the FBI. The mystery man pulls out a knife. He stabs Chief Alvarez as he reveals his true identity of Malcolm Black.continue reading Dead Bodies and Broken Tail Lights
1009242686##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Ambush | Season 4 Episode 7 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/10/14 Season 4 TV-PG DLV Emily breaks into her old beach house to retrieve a knife that was placed in her old hiding spot. She wants Nolan to help her determine if it was used by David to murder Conrad. A mystery key is found next to the knife. In other news, Jack lets Emily know about the double infinity sign he saw in the ex-cop’s garage. He later tells David that he’s wrong about Nolan. He was a great friend to his daughter, as was another person. Her name is Emily Thorne, and she’s stunned when her father shows up at her front door.David wants to know about Amanda from Emily. The unusual conversation that ensues reveals how much father and daughter love each other. Emily almost tells him who she really is, but David continues to lie about having been locked away all those years. Later, Nolan reveals that the key belongs to a safety deposit box. As for David, he wants to know about Amanda’s accident at her baby shower at Victoria’s place.Daniel has been looking at photos from his wedding day with Emily. He’s not thrilled that Margaux is still hanging with Louise. He thinks she may be a little instable. Understatement! This becomes evident when Louise listens to a vision of her nasty mother putting her down. She locks Margaux in a sauna. The heat reaches dangerous levels. Margaux is able to break out and realizes that this wasn’t an accident.Daniel corners Emily in an elevator as she goes to investigate the safety deposit box. He doesn’t want to be hit by the fallout of her nuclear war with his mother. Emily agrees mainly because she only has a small window of time to break into the safety deposit box. That window is closing fast once the elevator gets stuck. Emily eventually manages to get out through the roof just as Daniel receives a call from Margaux about what Louise’s sauna stunt. As for Emily, she breaks into the safety deposit box which contains cash and a flash drive.Emily makes an anonymous 911 call to lead the police to the body of the man Charlotte killed. Jack and Ben find the dead guy as well as a knife that’s the same make as the one presumed to have killed Conrad Grayson. Jack leaves Emily a voicemail. They need to talk. As for Emily, she tears up when she sees that the flash drive she found is filled with pictures of Amanda.Victoria retrieves a necklace she had hidden away. A short time later, David talks to one of Amanda’s friends at the strip club. This woman makes it seem as though Victoria was the only person who ever looked out for his daughter. Her words were part of a rehearsed scene orchestrated by Victoria, who pays off the stripper with the necklace she retrieved earlier.Louise assures Daniel that she had nothing to do with the unfortunate sauna incident. She then cozies up to Nolan at a bar. She actually makes him feel better about his current lousy situation. Later, Nolan is the last person at the yacht club as a storm approaches. He offers to buy the place from the owner. Deal!David apologizes to Victoria for doubting her loyalties. The two of them are getting very close on the sofa when Emily storms in. She orders Victoria out and slams down the photos she found. She screams at her father for not coming for her. David is thoroughly confused. Then he finally sees it. He finally realizes that the person standing before him is his daughter.Outside in the storm, Victoria walks toward her car. She doesn’t see the downed power line resting on the hood. Victoria moves to open the car door. ZAP! She’s hit with a violent electric shock. She’s launched backwards into the streets. David rushes out to her. Emily remains behind glaring at them from the porch.continue reading David Questions Emily about Amanda Does Victoria Become Road Kill? Mommie Dearest "Was Any of it Real?" David Hits the Strip Club Margaux Dumps Daniel SNEAK PEEK: Emily's Elevator Enemy
1009242687##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Intel | Season 4 Episode 9 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 12/01/14 Season 4 PG DLSV Emily gives a serious beatdown to the man she has hidden in her house. She wants to know who hired him to hurt David Clarke. The smack-fest is put on hold when Ben shows up at her front door. He wants to take her out on a date. Emily politely declines. Elsewhere, Jack is having a little better luck on the dating scene with Agent Kate Taylor of the FBI, the liaison who was brought in to run point on the Conrad Grayson murder investigation. A near kiss is thwarted by a phone call revealing that David Clarke was attacked.Emily goes back to her torturing ways until she gets the name of her prisoner’s partner. It’s Pete Dunn. He’s one of the men who was captured and charged in the attack on David Clarke. There will be no questioning of this thug though, as he’s found hanging in a police interrogation room. Emily wonders if this was truly a suicide. Jack realizes she was there the night of the attack, not that anyone will ever be able to prove this.Victoria’s near-death experience has her wanting a normal family life. Daniel says that Emily will eventually destroy her before letting her be a true part of her father’s life. Victoria still believes she can be with David. She asks him about Emily/Amanda and if she was there during the attack. David lies saying she wasn’t. Victoria learns that Conrad’s killer was caught. His name was Vince Walsh. He’s dead. Police Chief Alvarez cautions Victoria to stay away from David for a while. That’s not going to happen.Nolan realizes what Emily has been doing. He sets free the man she had imprisoned in her home. As for Emily, she changes her mind about meeting up with Ben. She asks about the Conrad investigation. Ben changes the subject by challenging her to a game of darts. They move on to pool, then some personal conversation which leads to a chat about Chief Alvarez. Ben quickly realizes they aren’t on a date. He’s just a means to an end.Years ago, David and Victoria swiped five million dollars of Conrad’s money. He hid the safe and only she had the key code to open it. Something Victoria says in the present day reveals the code. David drops a flash drive into the safe filled with cash. He gives Nolan the key code and the location. If anything happens to him, he wants the contents to become public knowledge.David reveals that the person who is after him is Malcolm Black, who ran an illegal arms operation out of Canada. He threatened to kill his daughter if he didn’t launder his money. Nolan gives him a way to track down the guy he set free from Emily’s place so David can find Black. Victoria also learns about this dangerous man. She takes action to get word to Black that Emily Thorne is the answer he seeks.Nolan suggests that Margaux look into Louise’s father. There may be more to the story than he drank himself to death. Louise confronts Nolan about how he used the personal info she shared for his own gain. In other news, Daniel takes Emily’s criticism that he never fights for anything to heart. He tells Margaux that he loves her. He believes she loves him, too. Margaux still doesn’t want to move forward with him. The reason: she’s pregnant.Emily apologizes to Ben for using him to get information on Alvarez. She admits that she thinks that someone killed the guy who attacked David Clarke. She thinks Alvarez may be involved. Ben doesn’t buy it. No one had access to the room except Alvarez, who has an alibi, and the feds. Speaking of the FBI, Kate is getting out of the shower when she receives the message Victoria sent out for Malcolm Black. She barely has time to process it when Jack shows up. The towel she was wearing drops as the two of them share a passionate kiss.continue reading Check, Please! A Toast to Liars Not Without My Daughter Margaux is Pregnant Room Service SNEAK PEEK: He Will Choose Emily
1009242688##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Kindred | Season 4 Episode 14 Watch Full Episode - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Your browser appears to have JavaScript disabled which may interfere with your ability to use this site. You can find out how to enable JavaScript by clicking the help icon to the right. × Close Title Message More Info | OK 43:01 01/25/15 Season 4 TV-PG V David gives Emily a copy of her birth certificate. He wants to help clear her name so she can be Amanda Clarke again. CLICK! A photo is taken as father and daughter embrace. Margaux uses the shot in her magazine to insinuate an inappropriate relationship. She’s determined to bring Emily down.Jack is doing his best to duck all the accolades he and his partner are getting for taking down Malcolm Black. Emily learns from Ben that he’s having a hard time in the limelight. She asks for advice on her father’s desire to have her become Amanda Clarke again. Ben says he doesn’t want to imagine a world without Emily Thorne. His words hit home. Emily lets her father know that she doesn’t have to be Amanda Clarke again to be happy.Louise’s brother produces the police report from the day their father died. He wants her to sign an annulment and put the conservatorship back in their mama’s name. Louise believes she may have killed her father. Nolan vows to help her find some answers. Emily helps, too. Using a memory-inducing technique she learned in Japan, she allows Louise to see that she didn’t kill her dad.Louise later declares via a note that she did, indeed, commit the crime she just denied. She bolts from the wedding reception. Emily tracks her down at a psychiatric facility. She presents Louise with the real police report from the night her father died thanks to Nolan\'s digging. She was actually trying to save him. Suddenly, Louise feels like attending her wedding reception.Louise confronts her mama about the real events that went down the night her daddy died. There was arguing in the hall. Her father found out about the affair his wife was having with the judge who helped with the cover-up. Louise presents her mother with the real police report. She tells her to head home to Georgia and to never come back. She also cuts off her brother.Victoria plans a fundraiser for a foundation in Daniel’s name. As she meets with a few of the ladies helping with the cause, newcomer Natalie Waters introduces herself. Victoria quickly puts this lady in her place. Natalie later tries to put Victoria in her place by suggesting she’s no longer Queen of the Hamptons. This becomes evident when there are so many no-shows at the fundraiser.Victoria confronts her so-called friends at Nolan’s reception. Disappointed by their lack of loyalty, she threatens to expose their dirty little secrets. Natalie watches in amazement as all the ladies whip out their checkbooks to make a health donation to the Daniel Grayson Foundation. Long live the queen! Victoria can only bask in the reclaiming of her crown for a short time. She receives a call saying there’s been a death in the family.Jack is convinced by David to attend a ceremony with the mayor where he’s to receive an award. He’s still uneasy about it though, as evidenced by an exchange he has with Emily. After his ceremony, he quits the police force. Jack later lets Margaux know that Daniel died a hero.Margaux and Jack toast to her baby. Jack serves as a temporary bartender when the real one disappears. He eventually leaves when Ben texts him about his resignation. As for Margaux, the man she hired to dig up dirt presents her with video footage that would effectively destroy Jack, who catches Emily and Ben in a passionate embrace.continue reading S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Undercover Love "Thanks for Coming Mom" Nolan's Wedding Gift Housewife in the Hamptons "Daniel Died a Hero" SNEAK PEEK: Happy Birthday Baby
1009242689##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Contact | Season 4 Episode 8 Recap - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show 11/17/14 Season 4 TV-PG DLSV David calls for an ambulance for Victoria when Emily won’t. He rides off in the ambulance without answering her questions about why he stayed away all those years. The two of them meet up at the hospital. Victoria begins to code when she sees David telling Emily that he did not take the photos she showed him.Agent Kate Taylor of the FBI is brought in as a liaison to run point on the Conrad Grayson murder. She wants Jack to walk her through the case. There’s evidence suggesting that the guy who killed Conrad may be the same person who tried to rundown David Clarke.David hides the fact that he recognizes the man who was killed by Charlotte killed when questioned by Kate. He again meets up with Emily. He gets angry when she tells him she’s the one who cleared his name. David yells that he never asked for her help. Emily flees leaving a crumbled up picture of the two of them behind. As for David, he learns that Victoria knew Emily is his daughter. The two of them are enemies.Emily has a chat with Daniel, who can’t believe she’s giving up on her father. That may not be true. Two men infiltrate Victoria’s hospital room. They threaten to kill her unless David comes with them. A mighty fight ensues with an additional party jumping into the mix. It’s Emily. She helps battle the two men until David sounds an alarm. The bad guys flee. Emily does as well after telling her father that she was never there.Margaux admits that she’s in love with Daniel, but she can’t forgive him for his lies. She also warns Louise that she’s made an enemy of her. Speaking of Louise, she’s still having imaginary conversations with her mama. One of their chats leads to the idea of using a pregnancy to weasel her way into the Grayson fold. She sneaks into a shower with Daniel. This doesn’t go well. It’s also a bad scene when Daniel confronts Victoria about his inability to love. He leaves a genuine voicemail message for Margaux.Margaux tries to blackmail Nolan into accessing Louise’s criminal record. That doesn’t happen. He actually likes her until some photo-shopped pictures on her tablet prove that she’s a little loopy. He reconsiders partnering with Margaux if she’ll do something for him. In other news, Jack’s chummy sharing of beers with Kate is interrupted by a drunken Ben. He’s ticked about losing out on the case. Jack does his best to set him straight.When David again meets with Emily, he tells her that a rival of Conrad’s threatened to kill the girl he thought was his daughter if he didn’t do his bidding. That’s why he can’t be her father. It’s too dangerous. David wants to take care of this on his own. He loves her—infinity times infinity. Emily later tells Nolan that staying out of her father’s business may be for the best. Of course, if that were true, she probably wouldn’t be holding a mystery man prisoner in a back room.continue reading Louise Joins Daniel in the Shower David Yells at Emily Infinity Times Infinity Jack Restrains Belligerent Ben Victoria Flatlines Herself Nolan and Loony Louise SNEAK PEEK: Call 911
1009242690##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge Blogs & News - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 402 "Disclosure" read more News and Updates "Revenge" Valentine\'s Day: I Love You to Death By Sharon Knolle Feb 12, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 414 Kindred By Julianna Jackson Jan 26, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 414 "Kindred" By Julianna Jackson Jan 23, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 413 Abduction By Julianna Jackson Jan 19, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 413 "Abduction" By Julianna Jackson Jan 16, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 412 Madness By Julianna Jackson Jan 12, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 412 "Madness" By Julianna Jackson Jan 06, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 411 Epitaph By Julianna Jackson Jan 05, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 411 "Epitaph" By Julianna Jackson Dec 29, 2014 News and Updates Revenge New Year\'s Resolutions By Sharon Knolle Dec 22, 2014 News and Updates Top 10 Daniel & Emily Moments By Julianna Jackson Dec 09, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 410 Atonement By Julianna Jackson Dec 08, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 410 "Atonement" By Julianna Jackson Dec 01, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 409 Intel By Julianna Jackson Dec 01, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 409 "Intel" By Julianna Jackson Nov 24, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 408 Contact By Julianna Jackson Nov 17, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 408 "Contact" By Julianna Jackson Nov 10, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 407 Ambush By Julianna Jackson Nov 10, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 407 "Ambush" By Julianna Jackson Nov 07, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 406 Damage By Julianna Jackson Nov 03, 2014
1009242691##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Madness | Season 4 Episode 12 Watch Full Episode - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Your browser appears to have JavaScript disabled which may interfere with your ability to use this site. You can find out how to enable JavaScript by clicking the help icon to the right. × Close Title Message More Info | OK 43:02 01/11/15 Season 4 TV-PG Back in 2003, David Clarke was stabbed by a white-haired man while he was in prison. It was the beginning of his relationship with the evil Malcolm Black. In the present day, Emily convinces David to abandon his plan to kill Victoria. She wants the two of them to walk away from The Hamptons forever. In other news, Malcolm Black poses as Douglas Taylor, father to Agent Kate Taylor. He unleashes a veiled threat on Jack.Louise’s brother, Lyman Ellis, is on his way to becoming a congressman. His annoyance at his sister dissipates once Nolan offers financial support for his campaign. Dinner plans are made with Emily serving as special guest. Nolan believes Lyman is bad news. Emily can help him with one final takedown before she leaves. She overhears brother bullying sister into returning home to Savannah. There’s been a history of violent tendencies. Nevertheless, Nolan believes Louise a good person at heart. She deserves a break.Emily catches a nervous Louise popping some Xanax before dinner. She’s been doing so for years to calm her nerves. Lyman’s monologue about his sister’s mental health battles causes her to have visions of her overbearing mother. Louise freaks out. She slaps Nolan. It’s an unsettling scene. Lyman ushers Louise out of the restaurant. Nolan now believes his friend truly is disturbed. Emily isn’t so sure.The pills Louise has been taking are laced with medicine that leads to paranoid delusions. Her family has been drugging her for years. Louise appreciates knowing the truth, but she doesn’t want to make waves with her family. Emily notices the picture that Louise swiped from Nolan’s place for Victoria. It was in Kate’s folder initially. Later, Nolan lets Louise’s brother know that he’s hip to his family’s drugging game. Lyman denies having any knowledge of this, but that doesn’t mean he’s getting Nolan’s vote, or his money.David makes contact with Malcolm Black. He plans to kill him. Jack tries to talk him out of it. That’s not going to happen. Malcolm Black made David kill a man once in order to save his own daughter. David needs to take him out. Jack assures him that’s not going to happen. He anonymously turned in the flash drive with gobs of incriminating evidence. Malcolm Black is arrested. David believes Jack just made a huge mistake. He’s right. Malcolm Black is released almost immediately due to lack of evidence.Margaux is ticked at Victoria for not wanting to find the truth behind what happened to Daniel. She’s ticked at Ben, too. She lets him know just how much before passing out at the police station. At the hospital, Margaux is told she needs to keep her blood pressure in check. Too much stress is the culprit. Victoria offers to be there for her. She also offers to tell the truth from the beginning. She starts by revealing that Emily Thorne is actually Amanda Clarke. Neither lady realizes that Ben is eavesdropping out in the hall.Emily confronts Victoria about her role in the events that led up to Daniel’s death. The two ladies engage in a bicker-fest outside a lighthouse. THWAP! Victoria is hit by some sort of projectile from afar. THWAP! Emily is hit as well. Both ladies slump to the ground. Emily is able to remain conscious long enough to see Malcolm Black step up. He knows she’s Amanda Clarke. Malcolm lets her know that he came for David, but what he’s found now is so much better. Emily is helpless to do anything as she ultimately passes out.continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E13 01/18/15 TV-14 Abduction S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement The Jig Is Up...Or Is It? Lyman the Liar Louise Loses It The Lighthouse Margaux Collapses Victoria Comes Clean with Margaux
1009242692##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge Blogs & News - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 402 "Disclosure" read more News and Updates "Revenge" Valentine\'s Day: I Love You to Death By Sharon Knolle Feb 12, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 414 Kindred By Julianna Jackson Jan 26, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 414 "Kindred" By Julianna Jackson Jan 23, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 413 Abduction By Julianna Jackson Jan 19, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 413 "Abduction" By Julianna Jackson Jan 16, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 412 Madness By Julianna Jackson Jan 12, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 412 "Madness" By Julianna Jackson Jan 06, 2015 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 411 Epitaph By Julianna Jackson Jan 05, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 411 "Epitaph" By Julianna Jackson Dec 29, 2014 News and Updates Revenge New Year\'s Resolutions By Sharon Knolle Dec 22, 2014 News and Updates Top 10 Daniel & Emily Moments By Julianna Jackson Dec 09, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 410 Atonement By Julianna Jackson Dec 08, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 410 "Atonement" By Julianna Jackson Dec 01, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 409 Intel By Julianna Jackson Dec 01, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 409 "Intel" By Julianna Jackson Nov 24, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 408 Contact By Julianna Jackson Nov 17, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 408 "Contact" By Julianna Jackson Nov 10, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 407 Ambush By Julianna Jackson Nov 10, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 407 "Ambush" By Julianna Jackson Nov 07, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 406 Damage By Julianna Jackson Nov 03, 2014
1009242693##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge News And Updates | Blog & News - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 402 "Disclosure" read more News and Updates "Revenge" Valentine\'s Day: I Love You to Death By Sharon Knolle Feb 12, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 414 "Kindred" By Julianna Jackson Jan 23, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 413 "Abduction" By Julianna Jackson Jan 16, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 412 "Madness" By Julianna Jackson Jan 06, 2015 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 411 "Epitaph" By Julianna Jackson Dec 29, 2014 News and Updates Revenge New Year\'s Resolutions By Sharon Knolle Dec 22, 2014 News and Updates Top 10 Daniel & Emily Moments By Julianna Jackson Dec 09, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 410 "Atonement" By Julianna Jackson Dec 01, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 409 "Intel" By Julianna Jackson Nov 24, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 408 "Contact" By Julianna Jackson Nov 10, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 407 "Ambush" By Julianna Jackson Nov 07, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 406 "Damage" By Julianna Jackson Oct 30, 2014 News and Updates Season 4 Catch-Up: Watch Free Episodes Now! By Julianna Jackson Oct 21, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 405 "Repercussions" By Julianna Jackson Oct 20, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 404 "Meteor" By Julianna Jackson Oct 14, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 403 "Ashes" By Julianna Jackson Oct 06, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 402 "Disclosure" By Erica Brown Sep 29, 2014 News and Updates Sneak Preview of the Season 4 Premiere! By Erica Brown Sep 10, 2014 News and Updates Revenge: Season 4 Poster Revealed By Erica Brown Sep 09, 2014 News and Updates First Look at Season 4! By Erica Brown Sep 02, 2014
1009242694##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 413 "Abduction" | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show "What Did You Do?" Tune in to Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c on ABC 137591_0036_ful|137591_0036||5760|3840|0
1009242695##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 414 "Kindred" | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show "Happy Birthday Baby" Tune in to Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c on ABC 137591_0036_ful|137591_0036||5760|3840|0
1009242696##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 412 "Madness" | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Operation Kill Victoria"So how about that date?" Tune in to Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c on ABC 137591_0036_ful|137591_0036||5760|3840|0
1009242697##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge Blogs & News - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 402 "Disclosure" read more News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 406 "Damage" By Julianna Jackson Oct 30, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 405 Repercussions By Julianna Jackson Oct 27, 2014 News and Updates Season 4 Catch-Up: Watch Free Episodes Now! By Julianna Jackson Oct 21, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 405 "Repercussions" By Julianna Jackson Oct 20, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 404 Meteor By Julianna Jackson Oct 20, 2014 News and Updates Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 404 "Meteor" By Julianna Jackson Oct 14, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 403 Ashes By Julianna Jackson Oct 13, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Episode 402 Disclosure By Julianna Jackson Oct 06, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 403 "Ashes" By Julianna Jackson Oct 06, 2014 The Red X Report Top 6 Moments from the Revenge Season 4 Premiere By Julianna Jackson Sep 29, 2014 News and Updates Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 402 "Disclosure" By Erica Brown Sep 29, 2014 Revenge Top Lists Revenge: Top 5 OMG Moments of Season 3 By Erica Brown Sep 18, 2014 News and Updates Sneak Preview of the Season 4 Premiere! By Erica Brown Sep 10, 2014 News and Updates Revenge: Season 4 Poster Revealed By Erica Brown Sep 09, 2014 News and Updates First Look at Season 4! By Erica Brown Sep 02, 2014 News and Updates Get Season 3 of Revenge on DVD By Erica Brown Aug 08, 2014 News and Updates Season 4 Premiere Date Announced! By Erica Brown Jul 15, 2014 News and Updates Marvel Comics First Look: "The Secret Origin of Emily Thorne" By Jason Leung Jun 25, 2014 News and Updates Revenge Season 3 Finale: Shocking OMG Moments By ABC.com Jun 12, 2014 The Red X Report The Red X Report: Revenge Season 3 Finale By Erica Brown May 12, 2014
1009242698##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Season 4 Premiere Date Announced! | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show We\'re so excited to announce that the Season 4 premiere of Revenge will be SUNDAY SEPT 28 10|9c on ABC! It\'s part of a night of premieres that includes the return of Once Upon a Time at 8|7c and Resurrection at 9|8c. We are still reeling from all of the bombshells in the Season 3 finale. What\'s next for Emily and the Graysons? Keep checking back for more details. And to refresh your memory, check out the video below to see just how things ended for Emily Thorne in Season 3.RELATED: View All ABC New Shows »Final Scene from Season 3! Here\'s your full schedule of premieres for SUNDAY SEPT 28 on ABC:8:00-9:00 p.m. Once Upon a Time - Season Premiere9:00-10:00 p.m. Resurrection - Season Premiere10:00-11:00 p.m. Revenge - Season Premiere
1009242699##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##"Revenge" Valentine\'s Day: I Love You to Death | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show In the Hamptons "V. Day" doesn\'t stand for Valentine\'s, it stands for Vengeance! For Emily Thorne and the Graysons, love is just another pointy tool in their bag of weapons. Never forget love is a costly, complicated affair: These characters prove that it\'s very seldom worth the price.YOU MAY NOW SHOOT THE BRIDEAfter overhearing Emily\'s plot to take down his mother, Victoria, Daniel grabs a gun and shoots his brand-new bride ... on their wedding night! Their vows might as well have been "to love, honor and betray." Daniel Shoots Emily|Emily\'s plan to take Victoria down goes up in smoke.|Daniel overhears some incriminating information about Emily on the eve of their wedding, which leads him to shoot his new bride! Watch this shocking Revenge scene from Season 3, Episode 10: Exodus. MARRIAGE: IT\'S ALL ABOUT THE MONEYWhen Nolan and Louise tie the knot, it\'s hardly gold-digging (Nolan is loaded, after all), but a clever loophole to get Louise and her inheritance away from her mother Penelope\'s control. But Mommy Dearest isn\'t about to let all that precious money slip out of her hands and instead of her blessing, tries to blackmail the new bride. Hey Mom, that wasn\'t on the registry!Louise and Nolan Get Married|"Penny for your thoughts?"|To take back control of her inheritance from her psychotic mother, Louise & Nolan get married! Watch this scene from Revenge Season 4 Episode 13: "Abduction"LOVE = DEATHConrad proved he was just as blackhearted as Victoria when he pushed her beloved fiancé Pascal into the whirring blades of a helicopter. Of course there could never be a happily ever after for Victoria, could there? Not when she already has so much blood on her own hands.Conrad Kills Pascal!|Watch as Victoria discovers the gruesome scene.|Conrad Grayson will stop at nothing to win. When he fears Pascal is going to get in the way of that, he puts a permanent end to him. Watch this scene from Revenge Episode 320: Revolution to see Pascal\'s unfortunate helicopter "accident" -- and Victoria\'s gruesome discovery. REVENGE IS SWEETForget candy and chocolate. The only sweet thing these characters like to feast on is coldblooded vengeance, such as when ruthless Conrad Grayson was left to die in a pool of his own blood, stabbed to death by Emily\'s dad, David Clarke. David Clarke Returns|Watch as David Clarke stabs Conrad!|Conrad manages to find a way out of prison, but his freedom doesn\'t last long. He\'s shocked when he comes upon David Clarke. David stabs him! Watch this shocking moment from the season finale of Revenge: Episode 322 - Execution. #RIPConrad TWO HEARTS BLEED AS ONEThe affair that started this whole revengenda: Victoria and David, whose brief fling led to the bitterest betrayal. When he finally came back, he didn\'t know whether to kiss her or kill her. As Rita Hayworth murmured in the classic film noir Gilda, "Hate is a very exciting emotion. Haven\'t you noticed? I hate you so much, I think I\'m going to die from it." Watch Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c
1009242700##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge : Abduction | Season 4 Episode 13 Watch Full Episode - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Your browser appears to have JavaScript disabled which may interfere with your ability to use this site. You can find out how to enable JavaScript by clicking the help icon to the right. × Close Title Message More Info | OK 41:46 01/18/15 Season 4 TV-14 V David gets a video message from Malcolm Black. He wants his daughter back alive. The video shows Emily and Victoria being tortured by Black’s men. Jack is shocked to learn that Ben knows everything. Nevertheless, he needs his help to track down Malcolm Black. They use old voicemail recordings of Kate to make it sound like she’s still alive. A time and place is set for an exchange at sundown.Jack and Ben find Emily’s car by the beach. There’s a security camera that may have captured some clues. Elsewhere, Victoria gives up Jack’s name as someone who could be the key to finding his daughter. Emily tries to stop the thug he’s sending to kill him, but to no avail. Jack finds Ben tied up, but is able to take down Black’s hired gun. All this happens as David is about to meet for the exchange.Malcolm Black realizes that his daughter is dead. He shoots David in the leg. He wants to make him suffer. Elsewhere, Jack finds a clue Emily left when she attacked the thug. It leads both him and Ben to realize that she’s being held captive at a trash site down by the water.Malcolm tortures David. He wants him to kill Emily and Victoria quickly. If he doesn’t, he’ll do it his way—piece by piece. Black is about to cut Emily when Victoria claims that she killed his daughter. He turns his attention to her. Black is about to go for the kill when Jack and Ben arrive. A massive brawl takes place with just about everyone getting in on the action.Black gets the upper hand on Emily. He’s about to throw her into a raging furnace. BANG! BANG! David shoots Black having managed to get hold of a gun. Black turns to see his shooter. BANG! BANG! BANG! David shoots him again. Black staggers backwards. He falls into the furnace. His body is consumed by the flames.Jack lets Emily know that the clue she left for him was very clever. She couldn’t have done it without Victoria’s help. It seems her guilt has finally gotten to her. Victoria lets David know that they need to go their separate ways. He needs to be with his daughter and she needs to mourn the loss of her son. Ben brings David home from the hospital. He tells Emily that he’s relieved to know the truth. He knows how hard it’s been for Emily due to his days as an undercover cop. He’ll keep her secret. The two of them agree to start anew.Louise’s mother appears before her at the club. This time it’s not a vision. Mama Ellis is really there. She’s rented a place in the Hamptons for the entire summer. She doesn’t want Louise to ruin her brother’s chances of becoming a congressman. Nolan offers to help by marrying Louise. This way he now controls her conservatorship. This move doesn’t bother Mama Ellis. She knows that she’ll get control again. If she doesn’t, she’ll tell the world the truth about how Louise killed her father.Margaux struggles with Victoria’s request to keep all that she knows secret. She calls someone who provides special services. She wants this man to find the evidence she needs to punish the person who crossed her. Margaux visits Victoria at her house. She’s determined to honor Daniel’s memory. She’s determined to destroy Emily Thorne. continue reading S4 E14 01/25/15 TV-PG Kindred S4 E12 01/11/15 TV-PG Madness S4 E10 12/07/14 TV-PG Atonement Louise and Nolan Get Married Margaux Vows Revenge Victoria Throws in the Towel I Killed Kate All Tied Up Victoria's Attempt at Freedom SNEAK PEEK: What Did You Do?
1009242701##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Get Season 3 of Revenge on DVD | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Revenge Season 4 premiered on Sunday, September 28 at 10|9c! In case you missed the exciting back story, the Revenge Season 3 DVD is available now. Also on the DVD are exclusive, not-to-be-missed bonus features including a behind-the-scenes look at the men of Revenge. So order your copy today!What was your favorite Revenge Season 3 moment? Share with us on Twitter! And check out the videos below to see a few of ours.Emily Has Victoria Committed Emily Clears David Clarke\'s NameEmily Clears David Clarke\'s Name|Jack expresses how proud he is of Emily.|Emily and Jack are together when the news breaks that David Clarke\'s name has been cleared. Jack gets emotional as he tells Emily how proud he is of her. Watch this scene from the season finale of Revenge: Episode 322 - Execution. Emily and Daniel Exchange Vows|Emily and Daniel are husband and wifeuntil death do they part.|The first part of Emily\'s plan is finally done; becoming Mrs. Daniel Grayson. Next step, frame Victoria for her own murder. Nolan\'s Grand Entrance|It\'s just not Nolan\'s style to use something as mundane as a door.|It\'s just not Nolan\'s style to use something as mundane as a door. He parachutes into the party, James Bond style, to the annoyance of Emily and the surprise of the guests.
1009242702##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Revenge: Season 4 Poster Revealed | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Get ready Revenge fans, because Season 4 will premiere SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 28 10|9c on ABC! And since we\'re only weeks away from the big event, we can now share the must-see poster for this season. Check it out below!As you know, when we last saw Emily and Victoria, one of them was being committed -- and it wasn\'t Ems. Is it time for Victoria to get her own revenge? Don\'t miss the first look at Season 4 in the video belowAnd if you need to refresh your memory from last season, here are some highlights from the Season 3 finale!David Clarke ReturnsEmily Has Victoria CommittedVictoria Kills Aiden!
1009242703##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##"Revenge" Valentine\'s Day: I Love You to Death | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show In the Hamptons "V. Day" doesn\'t stand for Valentine\'s, it stands for Vengeance! For Emily Thorne and the Graysons, love is just another pointy tool in their bag of weapons. Never forget love is a costly, complicated affair: These characters prove that it\'s very seldom worth the price.YOU MAY NOW SHOOT THE BRIDEAfter overhearing Emily\'s plot to take down his mother, Victoria, Daniel grabs a gun and shoots his brand-new bride ... on their wedding night! Their vows might as well have been "to love, honor and betray." Daniel Shoots Emily|Emily\'s plan to take Victoria down goes up in smoke.|Daniel overhears some incriminating information about Emily on the eve of their wedding, which leads him to shoot his new bride! Watch this shocking Revenge scene from Season 3, Episode 10: Exodus. MARRIAGE: IT\'S ALL ABOUT THE MONEYWhen Nolan and Louise tie the knot, it\'s hardly gold-digging (Nolan is loaded, after all), but a clever loophole to get Louise and her inheritance away from her mother Penelope\'s control. But Mommy Dearest isn\'t about to let all that precious money slip out of her hands and instead of her blessing, tries to blackmail the new bride. Hey Mom, that wasn\'t on the registry!Louise and Nolan Get Married|"Penny for your thoughts?"|To take back control of her inheritance from her psychotic mother, Louise & Nolan get married! Watch this scene from Revenge Season 4 Episode 13: "Abduction"LOVE = DEATHConrad proved he was just as blackhearted as Victoria when he pushed her beloved fiancé Pascal into the whirring blades of a helicopter. Of course there could never be a happily ever after for Victoria, could there? Not when she already has so much blood on her own hands.Conrad Kills Pascal!|Watch as Victoria discovers the gruesome scene.|Conrad Grayson will stop at nothing to win. When he fears Pascal is going to get in the way of that, he puts a permanent end to him. Watch this scene from Revenge Episode 320: Revolution to see Pascal\'s unfortunate helicopter "accident" -- and Victoria\'s gruesome discovery. REVENGE IS SWEETForget candy and chocolate. The only sweet thing these characters like to feast on is coldblooded vengeance, such as when ruthless Conrad Grayson was left to die in a pool of his own blood, stabbed to death by Emily\'s dad, David Clarke. David Clarke Returns|Watch as David Clarke stabs Conrad!|Conrad manages to find a way out of prison, but his freedom doesn\'t last long. He\'s shocked when he comes upon David Clarke. David stabs him! Watch this shocking moment from the season finale of Revenge: Episode 322 - Execution. #RIPConrad TWO HEARTS BLEED AS ONEThe affair that started this whole revengenda: Victoria and David, whose brief fling led to the bitterest betrayal. When he finally came back, he didn\'t know whether to kiss her or kill her. As Rita Hayworth murmured in the classic film noir Gilda, "Hate is a very exciting emotion. Haven\'t you noticed? I hate you so much, I think I\'m going to die from it." Watch Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c
1009242704##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Sneak Preview of the Season 4 Premiere! | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Season 4 of Revenge is only weeks away -- and we have a sneak peek at what\'s to come! As Emily plans to host her most surprising party ever, Victoria finds a way to turn her greatest setback into a dangerous advantage. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to them both, David Clarke plans his next move on the must-see season premiere. Don\'t miss the video above for a first look at the upcoming season or the photos below that are straight from the premiere episode! Revenge returns with all-new episodes SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 28 10|9c.
1009242705##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 402 "Disclosure" | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show In Revenge Season 4 Episode 2 "Disclosure," Emily confronts former friends and a lifelong enemy in a desperate search for Victoria, while the fallen Queen of the Hamptons finds herself at the mercy of her own darkest secret. Keep checking back for more sneak peeks -- and don\'t miss the photos below straight from the Oct. 5 episode!Tune in to Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c on ABC
1009242706##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##First Look at Season 4! | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Emily Thorne has spent the last three years destroying the Grayson family on Revenge. Now it looks like someone wants her to pay. Check out the promo above for a first look at Season 4 of Revenge. And don\'t miss the must-see season premiere on SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 28 at 10|9c!
1009242707##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch a Sneak Preview of Episode 403 "Ashes" | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show In Revenge Season 4 Episode 3 "Ashes," after Charlotte\'s suicide attempt, Victoria goes to comfort her daughter. Victoria apologizes for not being present in Charlotte’s life lately. Charlotte tells her that it is more than that...Emily revealed that she is Amanda Clarke. Victoria is furious and vows to make Emily pay.Tune in to Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c on ABCSneak Peek: How Did You Know About Emily?|Victoria promises Charlotte that Emily will get what she deserves.|When Charlotte reveals to Victoria that Emily is Amanda Clarke, Victoria vows to make Emily pay. Watch this preview from the Season 4 episode “Ashes” and don\'t miss all-new episodes of Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c. 136520_0107_ful|EMILY VANCAMP, BRIAN HALLISAY||5760|3840|0
1009242767##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 404 "Meteor" | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Tune in to Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c on ABCSneak Peek: How Did You Know About Emily?|Victoria promises Charlotte that Emily will get what she deserves.|When Charlotte reveals to Victoria that Emily is Amanda Clarke, Victoria vows to make Emily pay. Watch this preview from the Season 4 episode “Ashes” and don\'t miss all-new episodes of Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c. 136520_0107_ful|EMILY VANCAMP, BRIAN HALLISAY||5760|3840|0
1009242768##DELIMITER##abc.go.com##DELIMITER##Watch Sneak Previews of Episode 405 "Repercussions" | Revenge - ABC.com##DELIMITER##Revenge facebook witter googleplus instagram umblr pinterest home episodes video clips news cast about the show dvd abc.com Shows shows American Crime The Bachelor Castle The Chew Dancing with the Stars Fresh Off the Boat General Hospital Grey's Anatomy How to Get Away with Murder Jimmy Kimmel Live Marvel's Agent Carter Modern Family Once Upon a Time Scandal Secrets and Lies all shows > watch live search start typing...search: my profile schedule oscar.com apps music new shows movies shop faq my abc Join | Sign In Sign Out home episodes video clips news cast about the show Someone is out to get David Clarke!Where in the hell is my Father?Tune in to Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c on ABCSneak Peek: How Did You Know About Emily?|Victoria promises Charlotte that Emily will get what she deserves.|When Charlotte reveals to Victoria that Emily is Amanda Clarke, Victoria vows to make Emily pay. Watch this preview from the Season 4 episode “Ashes” and don\'t miss all-new episodes of Revenge SUNDAYS 10|9c.
